With the lower dealer inventories and the stepped-up demand some manufacturers believe there could be shortages of some implements.
To accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods, he said.
Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund.
With dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago, the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers.
She said the jurors agreed that Pohl's confession was valid.
They're contaminating the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty megaton bombs but their own peasants still don't know about it!!
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
One of the eight defendants was freed on a directed verdict of acquittal.
It was Nischwitz' third straight victory of the new season and ran the Grizzlies' winning streak to four straight.
The radiation station of the Chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 micro-microcurie of radiation per cubic meter of air over Chicago yesterday.
Last fall, after they took their hopes for entering Georgia to court, Judge Bootle ordered them to apply again.
Everybody had heard of Van Gogh, the French impressionist.
`` Mostly meat and potatoes -- they have to have that go-go-go without getting too fat'', says Ramsey.
In the comedy division, the Kings simply augment talent and imagination with a few props.
Governor Notte said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the General Assembly.
The Rev. R. L. Brandt, national secretary of the home missions department, stressed the need for the first two years' work.
Black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing pinks, reds, blues and greens.
Their secondary hero is another pro, Willie Chisholm, who drank his lunch during another Open and tried to blast his way out of a rock-strewn gully.
Regional representatives appointed to serve from each section of the country include Frank E. Barnes of Boston.
The Hartsfield home is at 637 E. Pelham Rd. Aj.
The vice president of the City Council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies'' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible.
Word spreads rapidly in the tightly knit academic profession, much given to attending meetings and conferences.
When Palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the 72nd hole, he seemed to have the championship won.
You would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from Bears Stadium last year because of the television policy.
Kimmell said he and Ralph were helping children across Belvidere at Kercheval Monday afternoon when a car heading north on Belvidere stopped belatedly inside the pedestrian crosswalk.
Patrolman Robert J. Nunes, who investigated, said the thieves broke in through the back door.
The attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws.
Appropriately, the emphasis on the home run, at a peak this year, came into being at baseball's lowest moment.
The President said he will also propose increasing, by an unspecified amount, the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine.
He assured Mr. Martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible.
They were the suffragettes and they wanted to vote.
Mantle so appreciated Miller's delicate literary style that he broadened teammates' minds by reading sensitive passages aloud during road trips.
Apparently he believes Mr. Buckley holds the key to the Democratic organization's acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle.
He got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game.
Buchheister pledged the land would be an `` inviolate'' sanctuary for all birds, animals and plants.
Family Service, sharing in UGF, has five agencies in the Washington area.
Thereafter, until the Masters, Player gradually increased his lead over Palmer in winnings and added one more tournament victory at Miami.
Said he: `` We will see whether whites and Negroes are treated the same around here''.
You'll probably get a ball bat on the head.
He said, pointing to a dark-haired 11-year-old boy.
It was a dismal, drizzly day but a good one on which to score over the Augusta National course.
Jones, unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions, saved his barbs for Mitchell.
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions.
Moments later the V-1 skimmed across the landing strip, edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a streamer of dust it landed.
He said, `` We Democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just, and not what is expedient at the time''.
State and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a `` blue ribbon'' citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program.
Members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed.
-- Kenny Lane of Muskegon, Mich., world's seventh ranked lightweight, had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over Rip Randall of Tyler, Tex., here Monday night.
Mrs. Norman Livermore, president of the Marin Conservation League, handed over the deed to the 645-acre tidelands tract south of Greenwood Beach to Carl W. Buchheister, president of the Society.
The bill would increase from $5,000,000 to $15,000,000 the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project.
Janet Jossy of North Plains won grand champion honors of the 4-H sheep showman contest.
The resolution, which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday, will be formally read Monday.
A Havana radio broadcast identified the Americans as Howard Anderson and August Jack McNair.
First, the general stock market has been boiling upward for the last few months, driving stocks of all kinds up.
They've occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's.
The letter, dated Feb. 22, was delivered to Premier Khrushchev in Novosibirsk, Siberia, on March 9.
( Farrell did -- and Maris led the team to victory in the Little World Series.
Those who favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform.
Patricia now attends the C. Melvin Sharpe Health School in the District.
He will attend a meeting of the Republican State Central Committee Saturday in Portland and see the Washington-Oregon football game.
By mid-June, millions of Americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land.
The free distance of a convolutional code determines its error correcting power.
Peace Corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency.
Business Week ( Aug. 9, 1961 ) reports that the United Aircraft Company, against which the International Association of Machinists had undertaken a strike, decided to keep its plants operating.
Miss Vieth was graduated from the Louise S. McGehee school and is attending Wellesley College in Wellesley, Mass..
Maris sleeps on a green studio couch in the living room.
Syndrome decoding uses parity check equations to identify error locations.
Baseball commissioner Ford Frick has ruled that Ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games.
But after that 12 at Los Angeles he became one of the boys, a bigger hero than he ever had been before.
In Oslo, the ministers have met in a climate of candor, and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems.
A crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers, but the project was halted before the end of the war, and the missiles later fell into Allied hands.
Each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing, a printed page, or a manuscript.
and it was filled then as now by quarreling tribes with no political or historical unity.
Mr. Khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his adversaries and to be a shrewd judge of men.
`` The PTC is investigating the whole matter'', Pratt said.
-- Thousands of bleacher-type seats are being erected along Pennsylvania Avenue between the Capitol and the White House for the big inaugural parade on Jan. 20.
It was ruled a difficult chance and a hit.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at 12:01 A.M. next Saturday.
The driver told police he followed as the Negro man got out of the cab with his money.
The President recommended federal `` matching grants'' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones.
Yes, with Bob Grove, Carl Hubbell, Herb Pennock, Art Nehf, Vernon Gomez, et al.
Joanne Curry, daughter of the Ellsworth Currys, to James Hartley Gregg, and Valerie Smith to James McAlister Duque.
Last week, in the German city of Dusseldorf, G. David Thompson was making headlines that could well give Pittsburgh pause.
One of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting, valued at $900.
Johnny Ray, at the same L. R., has something to cry about.
But today he wanted to make a public statement.
`` So I started practicing on it in spring training.
M. Kegham -- the name is a pseudynom -- was a teacher in Bucharest and a member of the Armenian Revolutionary Federation ( ARF ) -- two reasons the Communists put him away when they arrived in 1945.
This, he added, brought about `` petty jealousies'' and `` petty personal grievances''.
Dr. Barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans, even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work''.
Mrs. Dunkel admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934.
Wireless channels experience fading, multipath, and interference beyond simple BSC.
The Councilman, who is the Administration floor leader, also criticized Bernard L. Werner, public works director, for `` halting snow operations'' on Tuesday night after the Sunday storm.
`` It has to be easier with two of them.
It does not take a Gallup poll to find out that most Republicans in Congress feel this understates the situation as Republicans see it.
Information theory provides the mathematical foundation for modern communications.
The Circuit Court jurist said the boy will have a hearing in Juvenile Court.
Pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation.
Said Leatherneck Shoup: `` A year ago I took the grips of the plow in my hands.
Guests were juniors in the public high schools.
The three Laotians agreed upon a six-point agenda for their talks, which are to last three days.
Shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in midmorning from Hyannis Port, Mass., a White House spokesman said the address text still had `` quite a way to go'' toward completion.
Now a family man with three children, Fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the Lockheed plant at Sunnyvale.
The report called racial discrimination in employment `` one of the most serious causes of family breakdown, desertion, and ADC dependency''.
Cecil Mason of Hartford, Conn., was best man for his brother, and groomsmen were Rhodes S. Baker 3, of Houston, Dr. James Carter of Houston and Conrad McEachern of New Orleans, La..
Other triumphs include `` Random Harvest'', `` Madame Curie'', `` Pride and Prejudice'', `` The Forsythe Saga'' and `` Mrs. Miniver'' ( which won her the Academy Award in 1943 ).
Tonight Atlantic Monthly editor Edward Weeks moderates a round table of four Russian writers in a discussion of Soviet literature.
The explosion sent the hood of the car flying over the roof of the house.
The department apparently intends to make the Rural Roads Authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities.
Half an hour after he finished his round, Player holed out at the 18th green with a 69 and a three-round total of 206, four strokes ahead of Palmer.
The Heritage collection, to be shown by Sanger-Harris and Anderson's Studio, has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time.
The new fee schedule also was supported by Commissioner of Licenses and Inspections Barnet Lieberman and Health Commissioner Eugene A. Gillis.
The tie was against Southeast Missouri last Friday.
-- `` Consumer uncertain about economic conditions''.
The Kochaneks told police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered.
In the fifth, Wally Post slashed a 2-run homer off Bud Daley, but by that time the score was 11-5 and it really didn't matter.
He said Britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be reconvened, sent to New Delhi and from there to Laos to verify the cease-fire.
Bevo was congratulated for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time.
Before 1933, individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain English.
The club that overcame the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was New York's'51 Giants, who dropped 11 of their first 13.
There are two more Sunday afternoons when the situation will arise.
He ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went astray last Saturday night in the 41-8 slaughter of Washington State.
What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge.
Denials were of motions of dismissal, continuance, mistrial, separate trial, acquittal, striking of testimony and directed verdict.
Mr. and Mrs. Merrill Shoup have returned to their home in Colorado Springs after spending a few days at the Brown Palace Hotel.
The family requests that flowers be omitted.
The Vagabonds are `` on the road'' again.
Mr. and Mrs. L. DeForest Emmert, formerly of Drexel Hill, and now of Newtown Square, are entertaining Mr. and Mrs. Ashman E. Emmert, of Temple, Pa..
Is there anything a frustrated individual can do about Communism's growing threat on our doorstep and around the world??
There was also the fact that by the time he meets Mr. Khrushchev, the President will have completed conversations with all the other principal Allied leaders.
In this way, you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position, with feet, or one foot, barely resting on the pedestal.
The City Purchasing Department, the jury said, `` is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies''.
He said he contacted a friend, Henry Hall Wilson, on the President's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play, in the series.
On the clock given him was the inscription, `` For Outstanding Contribution to Billiken Basketball, 1960-61''.
The bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things.
He said `` Morris County is rapidly changing and unless steps are taken to preserve the green areas, there will be no land left to preserve''.
After a journey through woods and stream he double-bogeyed the 13th.
`` But I believe if people were better informed on this question, most of them would oppose it also.
It is a killer sub -- that is, a hunter of enemy subs.
The suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment.
( One big question: If Colmer was to be purged, what should the House do about the other three senior Mississippians who supported the maverick electors??
Player then had the choice of punching the ball safely out of the woods to the 9th fairway and settling for a bogey 5, or gambling.
`` There is a limit to what the United States in self-respect can endure'', said the President.
From June, 1942, until December, 1945, Pfaff served in the Army Air Corps.
In the past such government claims have been found exaggerated.
But we'll have a liberal, well planned, forward looking, honest platform.
Bob Burnes, sports editor of the Globe-Democrat, presented Bob Nordmann with his award.
This acquisition is a matched, perfect set -- consisting of two sofas six feet long, plus six sidechairs and two armchairs.
State Senator Joseph A. Bertorelli ( D., First Baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of West Pratt Street.
Arnold's iron shot from the tee burrowed into the bunker guarding the green, an embankment that had become soft and spongy from the rains, thereby bringing local rules into force.
And it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding incompetents who were meditating the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair.
In fact, he went on to birdie the 6th and 8th as well, to go 4 under par for the first eight holes.
Her acting began with the Birmingham Repertory Company and she soon became the toast of the West End.
The esplanade would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project.
But those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary.
Dr. Albert Schweitzer, world-famous theologian and medical missionary, has endorsed an Easter March for Disarmament which begins tomorrow in Sunnyvale.
Carol Strong, 13, of Cedar Mill cooked the championship junior dollar dinner.
It is one that most try to avoid, as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem.
Residential building consists of houses, apartments, hotels, dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter.
The new fees are expected to raise an additional $740,000 in the remainder of 1961 and $2,330,000 more a year after that.
A difference of opinion arose between Mr. Martinelli and John P. Bourcier, town solicitor, over the exact manner in which the vote is handled.
To create such a lamp, order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop.
The large municipal hall was ablaze with color, which shown out from the bright array of chic ballgowns worn by those participating in the `` maskers' dances''.
`` What do you and Mickey talk about at home''??
`` Outside'' faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business.
She also likes the femininity and charm of designs by Ceil Chapman and Helen Rose.
The bride, daughter of Rhodes Semmes Baker Jr. of Houston and the late Mrs. Baker, was president of Kappa Kappa Gamma and a member of Mortar Board at Aj.
Sunday he had added, `` We can love Eisenhower the man, even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the Republican Party without his leadership''.
The remainder of the 4-year college requirement would be in general subjects.
The fabrics have Scotchgard finish to resist soil and wrinkles.
On last May 1, the Cardinals stood at 7-6, ending a two-season fall-off on that milestone.
It was of the hunter-killer type, designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advanced gear and destroy them with torpedoes.
Skorich began his new job auspiciously today.
Her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director.
-- Consumer spending edged down in April after rising for two consecutive months, the Government reported.
The statement explained that under the Georgia Constitution and state law, tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated.
Afterwards, Palmer told Charlie Coe, his last-round partner, that he simply played the hole too fast.
Bill Mazeroski with and Hal Smith with were the only Pirates dragging their feet.
Mrs. Eustis Reily's olive-green street length silk taffeta dress was embroidered on the bodice with gold threads and golden sequins and beads.
That was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the West and Communism erupted on three fronts.
When he was inducted into the Army at Fort Knox, Ky., Hansen's weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best'' he said.
Until the Bucs' bats quieted down a bit in Cincinnati over the weekend, the champions had eight men hitting over.
One, by Sen. Louis Crump of San Saba, would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized.
Tractor production at Massey-Ferguson, Ltd., of Toronto in July and August rose to 2,418 units from 869 in the like period a year earlier, says John Staiger, vice president.
Mayor William B. Hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife, Pearl Williams Hartsfield, in Fulton Superior Court Friday.
Mrs. Monte Tyson, chairman, says the work of 100 artists well known in the Delaware Valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale.
Use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest.
With the exception of Lex Barker and Anita Ekberg, the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the Robert Herridge Theater.
His schedule calls for a noon speech Monday in Eugene at the Emerald Empire Kiwanis Club.
Perlman said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger, but could possibly be an ultimate effect.
Player began with a birdie on the first hole, added five straight pars and then another birdie at the 9th.
Neither Mantle nor Maris need fear being classified an intellectual, but lately Mantle has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual opus, Henry Miller's `` Tropic of Cancer''.
They would like to convey the notion something is being done, even though it is something they know to be ineffectual.
A cookie with caramel filling and chocolate frosting won $25,000 for a Minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual Pillsbury Bake-Off Tuesday.
`` We have no reason to fear failure, but we must be extraordinarily patient'', the assistant secretary said.
The significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry.
Maris, in talking to reporters, tries to answer all questions candidly and fully, but on rare occasions, he shuns newsmen.
Mr. Hawksley said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council `` or anyone else locally'' to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time.
The spider-leg pedestal table has a base finished in an ebony, to set off the lustrous brown of the walnut top.
When that failed, he enlisted Branch Rickey's aid in the formation of a third major league, the Continental, with New York as the key franchise.
Privately, they also admitted that their hopes for Clint Anderson's three-fifths modification depended on none other than Republican Richard Nixon.
He was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for Puerto Rico Governor Luis Munoz Marin.
Lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in April with Stein to supply and supervise janitors in McCormick Place.
His company, Spice-Nice, will receive a $250 award, which will be distributed among the 16 charter members.
Mrs. Lavaughn Huntley is accused of driving the getaway car used in a robbery of the Woodyard Bros.' Grocery, 2825 E. Burnside St., in April of 1959.
An assistant attorney general is directed to investigate.
San Francisco firemen busied themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children.
More than 300 teenagers last Sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for Jim Kern and his wife Lynn from 4 to 8 p.m. Sunday at First Presbyterian Church.
Benington said, `` I've never seen a player have a game as great as Mankowski did against Bradley that day''.
He began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of Aj.
Hamming invented error correcting codes after experiencing frequent computer errors.
To the German pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck, hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of 420 m.p.h..
She had been sentenced to 180 years in prison, but former Gov. Stratton commuted her term to 75 years, making her eligible for parole, as one of his last acts in office.
Shea's efforts figure prominently in the new stadium.
At the same time the President took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the Soviet leader.
Sports Writer Ensign Ritchie of the Ogden Standard Examiner went to his compartment to talk with him.
As we bulletin'd way back, he'll wed pretty Rosemary Strafaci, of the Golf Mag staff, in N. Y. C. today.
So you can see that Gerald G. Ramsey, director of SMU's food services, is not the ordinary type of craven, women-trodden chef.
The event, staged yearly by Neusteters, will be held in the Opera House Wednesday, Aug. 16.
`` Mom'' Marr, as the more than 80 men at the center call her, is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society.
He in turn told her she demanded too much.
The proposal, Sheets said, represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in New Jersey more than a `` lip service word''.
State Party Chairman James W. Dorsey added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held Sept. 8 in Savannah at which newly elected Texas Sen. John Tower will be the featured speaker.
Fairchild Camera and Kawecki Chemical gained 2-1/2 each.
Before adjournment Monday afternoon, the Senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made.
Only three standard models -- Buick, Chrysler, and Mercury -- had slight year-to-year gains in March sales in the county.
The AID committee's chairman in charge of the redecoration, Mrs. Henry Francis Lenygon, was in town yesterday to consult with White House staff members on the project.
Conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than Baltimore after the last storm, Mr. Schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here.
An Emory spokesman indicated, however, that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws.
Then, when the case went to the jury, the judge excused one of the jurors, saying the juror had told him he had been accosted by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened.
-- George Kerr, the swift-striding Jamaican, set a meet record in the 600-yard run in the Knights of Columbus track meet tonight, beating Purdue's Dave Mills in a hot duel in 1.10.1.
Taylor said Mrs. Huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 Portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing.
John Haase & Son of Corneilus was the only entrant in open class swine and swept all championships.
Those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives, men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the fittest.
In his only attack on the Republicans, Hughes said, `` The three Republican candidates for governor are tripping over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary.
Council president Frank SanAntonio said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request Town Solicitor Michael A. Abatuno to draft the ordinance.
Last month in Ghana an American missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled.
The Continental League never got off the ground, but after two years it forced the existing majors to expand.
It urged that the next Legislature `` provide enabling funds and re-set the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected''.
Mantle, it's apparent, resented Casey Stengel's attempts to push and prod him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility.
No religious group, he declared in an interview, will receive Peace Corps funds unless it forswears all proselytizing on the project it proposes.
`` Then we'd really have someplace to go''.
You can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and pubs these nights.
Joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream.
Insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice, he said, was the biggest detriment to the Soviet Union.
For the year to date, sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960.
-- Two errors by New York Yankee shortstop Tony Kubek in the eleventh inning donated four unearned runs and a 5-to-2 victory to the Chicago White Sox today.
About 70 North Providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax assessors for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in Centredale.
The jury did not elaborate, but it added that `` there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable''.
He was taken to the hospital by the North Providence ambulance.
Only the families and a dozen close friends will be present.
The best approach, he figured, was to try to influence young people like the high schoolers he and his wife serve as advisors at First Presbyterian Church.
An alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was congratulated by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful motorist.
The Central Falls City Council expressed concern especially that more foods be placed on the eligible list and that neighborhood grocery and variety stores be allowed to do business on Sunday.
Equipment should be in operation `` almost immediately after the first snowfall'', Mr. Schaefer said.
The series of ballets is sponsored by the Milenoff Ballet Foundation, Inc., a non-profit foundation with headquarters in Coral Gables.
A couple of weeks ago, he scored a monstrous 12 on a par-5 hole.
The binary entropy function reaches its maximum of one bit at p equals one half.
`` He calls for help while saying he is against centralization, but you can't have it both ways'', Jones said.
They enjoyed lemonade and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the White House staff.
Two counts of assault on an officer, resisting arrest, disturbance and cursing, police said.
Palmer's 4-under-par 68 got him off to an early lead, which he shared with Bob Rosburg.
Their names are Mantle and Maris, their team is the Yankees, and their threat is real.
The most valuable player award was split three ways, among Glen Mankowski, Gordon Hartweger and Tom Kieffer.
Estimates of the city's loss in the $344,000 job have ranged as high as $200,000.
The Fulton County Grand Jury said Friday an investigation of Atlanta's recent primary election produced `` no evidence'' that any irregularities took place.
Also present will be the bride's children, Joan, 13, and Kirkland, 11.
`` This was the coolest, calmest election I ever saw'', Colquitt Policeman Tom Williams said.
Later, a bus will carry members to the Chicago Stadium to see Jack Kramer's professional tennis matches at 8 p.m..
But if they show self-restraint, they don't get the orders.
A check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to Rhode Island Hospital was presented to the hospital administrator, Oliver G. Pratt, yesterday by Governor Notte.
Mr. Martinelli has, in recent weeks, been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote, while Mr. Bourcier said that a special election might be called instead.
His widow started the circulation of petitions after Barnard was reprimanded for violating the probation.
Persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the Journal-Bulletin's Cranston office at 823 Park Avenue.
`` With this kind of new product log-jam, the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up geometrically''.
Sen. Charles W. Sandman, R-Cape May, said today Jones will run well ahead of his GOP opponents for the gubernatorial nomination.
`` He almost brought it back all the way''.
the junction of the Northeast and Northwest Expressways and Jones Avenue and Marietta Street, Aj.
Judge and Mrs. Julian Hazard are now at Laguna Beach, while the Frank Wangemans have moved from Beverly Hills to New York, where he is general manager of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
There are, so my biologist friends tell me, mechanisms of adaptation and defense that are just too complete and too satisfactory.
Such vital information, he said, has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know.
It was the season's first night game and an obvious refocusing of the lights are in order.
Some anti-organization Democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the Democratic party that has been going on for the last three years.
For many reasons, the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous.
Gaines hammered the ball over the left fence for the third Indianapolis run in the ninth.
A frequent pitfall in this sort of arrangement, experts warn, is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income.
He missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the ailing knee, then played 77 minutes in 1956.
The Phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by Detective William Taylor and other officers.
) In all three arenas, they seemed certain of victory -- especially with Sam Rayburn applying his whiplash.
The writers' Gold Tee Award will go to John McAuliffe of Plainfield, N. J., and Palm Beach, Fla., for his sponsorship of charity tournaments.
The federal lawyers, according to their witnesses, also were tracing Stein's fees as a labor consultant.
Mantle, Maris, and Bob Cerv, a utility outfielder, share an apartment in Jamaica, Long Island, not far from New York International Airport.
-- The government's short-term borrowing costs rose with Tuesday's weekly offering of Treasury bills.
Cocktails will be served from 6 to 7 p.m., with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following.
One of the initial questions put to President Kennedy at his first news conference last January was about his attitude toward a meeting with Premier Khrushchev.
But he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what Field handles, and he said he personally `` regrets very much that the agency has not done this in the past''.
Fiedler was then technical director of Hitler's super-secret `` Reichenberg project'', which remained unknown to the Allies until after the war.
Should these giants really flex their competitive muscles, they would become the only survivors in the industry.
The target was Allied shipping -- a desperate effort to stave off the Allied invasion of Europe.
`` We'll take the truth to the people, and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in November''.
Some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far.
Reputedly it could outrun, underwater, the fastest destroyers.
Player immediately proceeded to follow suit.
Dr. Jenkins notes, however, that most of the school boards in the State do not do so.
Those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a merry-go-round.
The history of the U.S. potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days.
In the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for Congressional approval, $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies.
In four of his nine previous seasons Mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases.
The Lummus Cotton Gin Co. has had a sales and service office in Dallas since 1912.
Mrs. John C. Vroman Jr. of Manzanola is spending several days in her Sherman Plaza apartment.
And you think you have language problems.
Indications as late as the top of the sixth were that the Birds were to end their victory draught as they coasted along with a 3-to-o advantage.
Division two will include the representations of Massachusetts and Texas, the respective states of the President and of Vice-President L. B. Johnson.
A two-run homer by Norm Siebern and a solo blast by Bill Tuttle tied the game, and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the Athletics their fifth victory in eight starts.
Natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain, under a bill by Sen. Frank Owen 3, of El Paso, to acquire sites for underground storage reservoirs for gas.
Thieves yesterday ransacked a home in the Garden Hills section of Cranston and stole an estimated $3,675 worth of furs, jewels, foreign coins and American dollars.
He identified the man as Lewis Martin Parker, 59, a farmer of Hartselle, Ala..
-- Three positions on the Oak Lodge Water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates.
Corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the locale of Edwin O'Connor's novel, `` The Last Hurrah''.
Mr. Bourcier said that he had consulted several Superior Court justices in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures.
It permits the state to take over bank accounts, stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more.
Other parts of the Kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years.
The court held that the tax applied to non-profit sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities.
Most of the emphasis has been placed on a `` wild party'' at a seaside villa.
Mantle, the bull-necked blond switch-hitter, had one sensational triple-crown season, 1959, when he batted and also led the American League in home runs, 52, and rbi's, 130.
The second half of the film `` Communism on the Map'' and the movie `` Operation Abolition'' also will be shown.
A young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is, and is also a girl.
the officer with the yellow socks or the bay window.
-- The president of the Kansas City local of the International Association of Fire Fighters was severly injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work.
The new year might see some house-cleaning, either genuine or token, depending upon developments, to give Davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms.
Nobody walks anymore but crackpots and Harry Truman, and he's already got an education.
Burst errors that affect consecutive bits require different coding strategies.
Perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it.
`` You take out of circulation many millions of dollars''.
The international theme will be continued with the Balkan strings playing for a dinner the Byron Harveys will give in the Racquet club after the tea.
South Philadelphia High's principal added that the current delay was caused by the `` pressure'' of a movie that the toneless lad was making.
The case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by Karns.
The Senate launched the 87th Congress with its own version of an ancient liberal-conservative battle, but in contrast with the House's guerrilla war it seemed as pro forma as a Capitol guide's speech.
Then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained, Slate related.
Although both concede they would like to hit 60, they stick primarily to the baseball player's standard quote: `` The important thing is to win the pennant''.
Wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the Hughes company.
Newcomers are Ernie Kemm on piano, Wes Robbins, bass and trumpet, and Jack Kelly on drums.
At Berger's direction, the city also intervened in the Hughes bankruptcy case in U. S. District Court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Moulton now live on Wilshire and the Franklin Moultons on S. Windsor Blvd..
The liberal pressure bloc ( which coyly masquerades under the name Democratic Study Group ) had fought the committee before, and had always lost.
And to keep athletes' stomachs from getting jumpy under physical duress, he bans all highly flavored condiments.
Then Dick Hyde, submarine-ball hurler, entered the contest and only five batters needed to face him before there existed a 3-to-3 deadlock.
One diplomat described the tenor of Secretary of State Dean Rusk's speeches as `` inconclusive''.
The aged care plan, similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator, a fight on Capitol hill.
But it might give way shortly to another vexing issue -- that of finances in state government.
Gladden has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his union's battle against the teamsters, which began organizing city firemen in 1959.
It is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million, since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one.
The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession.
He said Mitchell is against the centralization of government in Washington but looks to the Kennedy Administration for aid to meet New Jersey school and transportation crises.
A feature of the party will be a presentation by Welton Becket, center architect, of color slides and renderings of the three-building complex.
When Huff attempted to cash another $100 check there Monday, hotel officials called police.
Henry L. Bowden was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney.
`` To prevent hoodlums from infiltrating the state as they did in the Republican administration in the early 1940s''.
( P. 215 ) when corporate abuses were attacked, it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control.
On the day's schedule are a flower show, 4-H horsemanship contest and clown shows, the latter at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m..
Police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at 229 West Pratt Street.
In 45 minutes, the Gallery leaders had given the students a quick rundown on art from the Renaissance to the late 19th Century.
It was Gardner's second run batted in of the game and his only ones of the year.
`` Pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat'', Mauch said here the other day.
He is a native of New Orleans and attended Allen Elementary school, Fortier High school and Soule business college.
The firm recently expanded domestic sales into the Southeastern states as a result of an agreement with Cen-Tennial Gin Co..
The Air Force's, and the game's, final play, was a long pass by quarterback Bob McNaughton which Gannon intercepted on his own 44 and returned 22 yards.
The council advised the governor that `` large supermarkets, factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business'' on Sunday.
Judge Bootle's decision: `` The two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color''.
The sluggers get along so well in fact, that with their families at home for the summer ( Mantle's in Dallas, Maris's in Kansas City ), they are rooming together.
Beginning July 4, there will be an orchestra playing nightly except Sunday and Monday for the summer season.
Ed Donnelly is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn.
They are now working together toward solving their difficulties.
If it's true that contented cows give more milk, why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits??
The Continental Gin Co. began operations in Dallas in 1899.
He made his fortune during World War 2, when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom.
`` I'll do as you say, but I'll also play a provisional ball and get a ruling''.
Division one of the parade will be the service academies.
He will be succeeded by Ivan Allen Jr., who became a candidate in the Sept. 13 primary after Mayor Hartsfield announced that he would not run for reelection.
Manager Hemus, eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand, moved Gibson to the Wednesday night starting assignment.
Karns said it was a `` wrongful act'' for Wexler to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room''.
Instead, retailers would sign a certificate of correctness, violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison, plus a $1,000 fine.
`` But it did destroy the natural controls of a borer and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop'', he said.
Both, of course, were remarkable feats and further embossed the fact that baseball rightfully is the national pastime.
Interleaving spreads burst errors across multiple codewords for easier correction.
Teaching, research and study, according to highest standards, under Christian influence, are paramount in the Emory University policy.
`` What with all those pretty girls around, they had a hard time''.
Another hoodlum, Louis Arger, drew $39,000 from Stein's janitor firm, the National Maintenance company, in three years ending in 1959, Stein disclosed in an interview.
( P. 214 ) anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship.
`` By winning against Bradley, Kentucky and Notre Dame on those teams' home courts, they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it''.
His spare time is spent in soaring gliders.
Of the two, Mantle is by nature the less outgoing, Maris the more outspoken.
There is, however, one curious discrepancy in this broad and flattering picture.
`` If you kick too much, your leg gets kinda dead'', he explained.
Each enjoys seeing the other hit home runs ( `` I hope Roger hits 80'', Mantle says ), and each enjoys even more seeing himself hit home runs ( `` and I hope I hit 81'' ).
The proposed C & O-B & O railroad would make it the hemisphere's second largest.
The AID has found a mantlepiece attributed to Samuel McIntyre of Salem, Mass., an architect and woodcarver who competed for the designing of the Capitol here in 1792.
The Atlanta Negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration Friday and threatened picketing and `` stand-ins'' if negotiations failed.
St. Louis U. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against Washington University at Ligget Field.
The capacity of a channel is the maximum rate at which information can be reliably transmitted.
Look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's 1,257,700 non-farm housing starts.
The City Planning Commission on Tuesday approved agreements between two redevelopers and the Redevelopment Authority for the purchase of land in the $300,000,000 Eastwick Redevelopment Area project.
It is no coincidence that the Texas Cotton Ginner's Association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history.
Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships, and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools.
The hull was also a result of almost a decade of work.
Last year, when he worked out at halfback all season, he didn't get into a single game.
In opening, D. Arthur Connelly, assistant United States attorney, read the indictment, but made no comments.
automatic rifle, according to Capt. Elmer Hagner, chief of Anne Arundel detectives.
Seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of August have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year.
The state will appeal -- but few think it will actually try to close the university.
The executions took place at dawn only a few hours after Havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at Pinar Del Rio, where the executions took place.
Its the start of a direct threat to our own security and I don't believe we can permit that''.
Blue ribbons went to Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro, Larry Hinton of Beaverton.
The driver admitted he was the Dresbachs' son and all three were taken to the Edgewater Station, police said.
Two of these are in or near Dallas and the others away from the vicinity.
The week will end with the Rev. Mr. Henderson preaching on `` The Marriage Altar'' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday, May 14.
Farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're haggling less over prices than they did a year ago, dealers report.
The Troop is proud of its camping-out program -- on year-round schedule and was continued even when sub-zero temperatures were registered during the past winter.
Mr. Martinelli said yesterday that the Citizens Group of Johnston will meet again July 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement.
It was there that the two accused civil servants were at work.
Hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the Republican candidates are involved.
Santa's lieutenants in charge of the Journal-Bulletin Santa Claus Fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from Cranston residents.
Full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness, except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days.
But Player was only one stroke back, with a 69.
Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and the bride's other uncles and aunts, the Rush C. Butlers, the Homer E. Robertsons, and the David Q. Porters, will give the bridal dinner tonight in the Stevenses' home.
`` I've become the greatest beggar in the world''.
The seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as Easter was on April 2 this year, two weeks earlier than in 1960, and pre-Easter buying was pushed into March.
This increase in the `` threshold'', as the conventional forces strengthening is called, will prove one of the alliance's most difficult problems in the months to come.
This would provide for long-term Federal loans for construction of parochial and other private-school facilities for teaching science, languages and mathematics.
He also struck his aunt and wife, and during the melee the baby also suffered scratches.
The Revenue Service disallowed the claim, invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income.
`` Once you get the feel of it, there's not much to it.
He was born in Pittsboro, Miss., and was a veteran of World War 1.
Waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season.
The Bears are set to play at Harris Teachers College at 3:30 tomorrow and have a doubleheader at Quincy, Ill., Saturday.
Attendance continued to run ahead of last year's during the five-day show, with clear skies helping attract fairgoers.
He is a graduate of Portland University and the Northwestern College of Law.
After it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone.
He merely became victimized by a form of athletics that respects no one and aggravates all.
Managing Director Donald C. Wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with Hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter.
The U. S. Government pays for all its overseas workers''.
Naturally, enterprises of the size of General Electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time.
`` The Pirates showed they could outclass the field last year.
`` Why don't you walk to school then''??
And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together.
He also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an all-automatic camera in Germany, with the result that it became the best selling camera in the German market.
They came together in the huge, high-ceilinged Council Chamber to hear the late leader eulogized.
The fact that secrets of the Dreadnought, and thereby of the American undersea fleet, were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier.
`` He is wrong to inject Eisenhower into this campaign'', he said, `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and I will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign''.
The state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales.
There was sufficient pretext to demand Colmer's ouster: he had given his lukewarm support to the anti-Kennedy electors in Mississippi.
A measure of how hot the stock was, can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began.
Of all the records in peril, one stands apart, dramatic in its making, dramatic in its endurance, and now, doubly dramatic in its jeopardy.
Each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down, but never completely fulfilled.
The former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an Eisenhower Republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy'' while working in his adminstration.
He told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star, this never would be said of him''.
Gallery Director John Walker greeted the group, standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them.
Some Dallas investment firms got only 100 shares, for all of their customers.
Cutting short a holiday at Hong Kong, the aircraft carriers Lexington and Bennington steamed off into the South China Sea, accompanied by a swarm of destroyers, plus troopships loaded with marines.
Typical touch: She sold a $10,000 morning light mink to Sportsman Freddie Wacker for his frau, Jana Mason, also an ex-singer.
he now has 273 yards in 22 tries during three games.
Foods, which long had been considered `` recession resistant'' but hardly dynamic stocks, have been acting like growth stocks, going to higher price-earnings ratios.
Palmer, meanwhile, had been having his troubles.
Mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or, for that matter, to private speaking.
State briefs: Voters in four counties containing and bordering Denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area.
Scores of Cranston children will be remembered.
It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages.
Hurt by his lack of interest and attention, Mary complained often that he didn't help around the house, and that he didn't really care about the family.
The White House is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile delinquency in the United States.
Extension of the ADC program to all children in need living with any relatives, including both parents, as a means of preserving family unity.
Mr. and Mrs. James F. Mitchell, with their daughter, Anne, and son, James, Jr. are spending several weeks in Florida, and will visit in Clearwater.
Their joint statement was welcomed by the Western delegations who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth plenary session of the fourteen-nation conference on the future of Laos.
Louis H. Grenier, clerk of the board, said that the appeals will be reviewed in December at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes.
Whee the People: Lovely Thrush Annamorena gave up a promising show biz career to apply glamor touches to her hubby, Ray Lenobel's fur firm here.
Passage of the sales tax measure would also give Davis the means to effect a transition.
He selects queries or general interest to answer.
State aid to schools, the continuance of railroad passenger service, the proper uses of surplus funds of the Port of New York Authority, and making New Jersey attractive to new industry.
Last year, we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine''.
The appointment was announced at a news conference at which Skorich said he would retain two members of Shaw's staff -- Jerry Williams and Charlie Gauer.
In Cuba, the U. S. had blundered badly and created the impression of impotency against Communist penetration even on its own doorstep.
He would come home in the evening tired and discouraged -- in no frame of mind to play with their three children, or spend much time chatting with his wife.
her father, H. T. Simpson, Greenville, S.C., and three sisters, Mrs. W. E. Little and Mrs. Hal B. Wansley, both of Atlanta, and Mrs. Bill Wallace, Wilmington, N.C..
Whatever the reasons, not in 30 years has a single season produced such thunderous assaults upon the bureau of baseball records, home-run division.
But the Raoul Esnards have exchanged their residence in Southern California for Mexico City.
The Georgia Legislature will wind up its 1961 session Monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly.
But he was scholastically ineligible in 1959 and merely present last season.
Into Washington on President-elect John F. Kennedy's Convair, the Caroline, winged Actor-Crooner Frank Sinatra and his close Hollywood pal, Cinemactor Peter Lawford, Jack Kennedy's brother-in-law.
Mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race.
Ierulli will replace Desmond D. Connall who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by March 31.
She snapped five tenths of a second off the mark set by Helen Shipley, of Wellsley College, in the National A.A.U. meet in Columbus, Ohio.
Pfaff succeeds Martin Burke, who resigned.
If it fails to pass, he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration.
Taylor, president and voting stockholder of Taylor and Co., Beverly Hills, has been active in the securities business since 1925.
One of the first things he would do, he said, would be to organize classes in first aid.
Of course, 1600 Pennsylvania, the White House, is the most famous address of the free world.
Consequently, it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the Barnett administration will take in the coming year.
The cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to $634,517,000, a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year.
Mr. Ingo Dussa, of Dusseldorf, Germany, and Mr. Bietnar Haaek, of Brelin.
The complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by Leo Blaber, an attorney for the association.
The men will be in western attire, including Stetsons and colored vests.
Thus he will be in a position to disabuse the Soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave Allied disunity.
Fiedler went on to make several other test flights before German pilots took over the Reichenberg missiles.
I'm willing to stake my political career on it''.
He succeeds Buck Shaw, who retired at the end of last season.
A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula'' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit.
The Denver-area TV audience was privileged to see Mays' four home runs, thanks to a new arrangement made by Bob Howsam that the games are not to be blacked out when his Bears are playing at home.
An agreement between the leaders of four parties which contested indecisive elections on Oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup d'etat.
Pirate Manager Danny Murtaugh said he hadn't decided between Mizell and Vern Law for Wednesday's game.
`` We're getting Friend some runs for a change, and he has been pitching good'', Murtaugh said.
Cooperman and Teller are accused of selling $4,700 worth of heroin to a convicted narcotics peddler, Otis Sears, 45, of 6934 Indiana Av..
The Princess said it was too early to say what would be decided if no agreement was reached after three days.
Mrs. Henry T. Sulcer of Winnetka, a new board member, will be chairman of publicity for the benefit.
The description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout Southern Maryland on police radio.
Andy Bartha and his trio have booked into Oceania Lounge.
Among the other artists, whose paintings were discussed were Boucher, Courbet, Fra Angelico.
Each of the four wayward shots cost him two strokes.
The fight over the Warwick School Committee's appointment of a coordinator of audio-visual education may go to the state Supreme Court, it appeared last night.
It was a real stimulant to a lot of guys I know who have moved past the 2-score-year milestone.
It was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated Arnold.
He called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by Southern states, and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry.
The fashion show, by Natalie Collett will have Mrs. John Newbold as commentator.
In the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time.
They had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation'', she said.
We've tried them out on the club chef -- or say, he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best''.
Mrs. Mary Self, who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years, has closed her desk and retired.
Apparently at the insistence of the U. S., the simultaneous announcements issued in Washington and Moscow last Friday emphasized the `` informal'' nature of the meeting.
A few of these people are still around''.
To start the week of special programs at the church, the Rev. John D. Henderson will preach on `` A Successful Marriage'' at 9:40 and 11 a.m. Sunday.
If the puppets are of uniform size, you can change them in accord with your child's whims.
The fire fighters association here offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the bombing.
That death occurred at 50 p.m. Friday and was reported Sunday, the patrol said.
The industry has said 1960 was a poor year.
He gave the impression of never having read a word about art, but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best.
The United States hopes that any future Lao Cabinet would not become Communist dominated.
The victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit.
-- The statewide meeting of war mothers Tuesday in Salem will hear a greeting from Gov. Mark Hatfield.
The High Court held that the company must apply its percentage allowance to the value of the raw materials removed from the ground, not to the revenue from finished products.
They know the value of being just that -- an ordinary, happy family.
I wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world.
`` I feel confident the stock will qualify for the' national list''', he said, meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country.
Extend Mantle's and Maris's present paces over the full 1961 schedule of 162 games, and, mathematically, each will hit more than 60 home runs.
( Which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic, peppery fare.
Mr. and Mrs. Anderson were entertained at dinner on Sunday by Mr. and Mrs. Frank Coulson, of Fairless Hills.
Bobby Lowe of Boston was the first to hit four at home and Gil Hodges turned the trick in Brooklyn's Ebbetts Field.
Turbo codes and LDPC codes approach the Shannon limit with practical complexity.
Also the department of justice building is located where J. Edgar Hoover presides over the federal bureau of investigation.
Both were under the meet mark of 1.10.8 set in 1950 by Mal Whitfield.
It is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good, especially at the minor league level.
Dr. W. B. I. Martin officiated, and the bride was given in marriage by her father.
That is the goal of two new collections being introduced in Dallas this month.
`` This morning, we allowed a farmer $600 on the old picker he traded in on a new $2,700 model.
While he declined to suggest, how, he said that sooner or later we must get rid of Castro, `` for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere.
He is credited with setting up an annual co-operative fire prevention program in co-operation with the Red Cross and State Department of Education.
During his college career, Dr. Clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football letterman.
As Hartweger accepted his silver bowl, he said, `` I want to thank coach's wife for talking him into letting me play''.
Others, which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs, have balconies.
Secret Grand Jury indictments were returned against the pair last week, Detective Murray Logan reported.
While emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out, Pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the House voted through 87-31.
Afterward, Tennessee's Democratic Senator Albert Gore summed it up for newsmen.
The changes, unanimously adopted, were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the Bible.
stronger water pollution control programs, and Federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil.
Actually, Davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway.
`` Spahnie doesn't know how to merely go through the motions'', remarked Enos Slaughter, another all-out guy, who played rightfield that day and popped one over the clubhouse.
Little geeing and hawing have been necessary''.
Colorful, bright Eastman Chromspun fabrics, with the magenta, pink and white tones predominating as well as golden shades are used with Composite.
Sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by January, 1964.
Gordin manufacturing operations are in Lubbock.
The latest death reported was that of 4-year-old Claude Douglas Maynor of Calvary.
Mr. Bolker heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts.
Hansen will engage in his first workout at Miami Stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a two-game weekend series with the New York Yankees.
Kerr, who set the world record earlier this month in New York with a clocking of 1.09.3, wiped out Mills's early pace and beat the young Big 10 quarter-mile king by 5 yards.
The approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at Vienna.
The governor's move into the so-called `` blue law'' controversy came in the form of a letter to Miss Mary R. Grant, deputy city clerk of Central Falls.
In October 1944, he was appointed state warden and chief of the Forest Fire Section.
they were determined by the points at which Leopold's explorers and gunmen got tired of walking.
The Dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the United States in 1959 and was launched last year.
Volume was 1.23 million shares, down from Monday's 1.58 million.
The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged.
They also said he lied in saying that he had never been `` arrested''.
Even the two-year-old feels miffed if the family has a prayer-time without her.
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city.
Net income may reach $12.7 billion, up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953.
Pualani and Randy Avon, Dave Searles, George ( Papa ) Gill, Al Bandish, Jim Morgart, Bob Neil at the Mouse Trap.
Mrs. Kelsey is the former Miss Ann Rickenbaugh.
Uncle Sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition''.
The husky 6-3, 205-pound lefthander, was in command all the way before an on-the-scene audience of only 949 and countless of television viewers in the Denver area.
The inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations.
In the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade.
Contempt proceedings originally had been brought against 677 persons in 133 precincts by Morris J. Wexler, special prosecutor.
This is all the more remarkable because the Kirov is to ballet what Senator Goldwater is to American politics.
The man was King Leopold 2, of the Belgians, who in 1885 concluded that he had better grab a colony while the grabbing was still good.
Palmer had started the round four strokes behind Player, and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes.
There may be other 1961 state committee retirements come April 18, but they will be leaving by choice of the Republican voters.
Dollar bills skidded off my hands and they tipped their caps politely.
-- Boston Red Sox Outfielder Jackie Jensen said Monday night he was through playing baseball.
He was the lawyer for Ted Collins' old Boston Yankees in the National Football League.
Except for a few months in late 1960 and early 1961, retail farm equipment sales have trailed year-earlier levels since the latter part of 1959.
`` They aren't supposed to look at women, you know'', Ramsey recalled.
Under Formby's plan, an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor, lieutenant governor, speaker of the House, attorney general and chief justice of the Texas Supreme Court.
`` I feel good physically'', Hansen added, `` but I think I'll move better carrying a little less weight than I'm carrying now''.
He urged support for President Kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid appropriations.
After 18 years in the personnel office, she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors.
Many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering Lafayette Square, opposite the White House.
Commandeering a passing car, Kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle, but lost it in traffic.
Unlike most such sports rivalries, it appeared to have developed almost spontaneously, although this was not exactly the case.
Since 1949, the St. Louis club has been below on May 1 just four times.
The work added eight beds to the hospital, giving it a total capacity of 646 general beds.
Legislators always get restless for a special session ( whether for the companionship or the $22.50 per diem is not certain ) and if they start agitating.
Patrolman G. E. Hammons said the car evidently slid out of control on rain-slick streets and slammed into the pole.
Doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side.
Ramsey has stoked up Harry Truman, Henry Cabot Lodge, the King of Morocco, Clement Atlee and other shiny characters.
This time the initiative came, in part at least, from Washington.
Mankowski, the ball-hawking defensive expert, was cited for his performance against Bradley in St. Louis U.'s nationally televised victory.
All of this may be understandable enough: it is, however, in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise.
The gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the Rutherford family of New Jersey, whose famous estate, `` Tranquility'', was located near the Duncan Phyfe workshop at Andover, N. J..
New officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p.m. service.
But the Communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the United States to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over Laos.
Economically, Martin said, the United States could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves.
The Yanks also took advantage of three Cincinnati errors.
The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people, knowledge, services, facilities, and the means to pay for them''.
It is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others''.
Speakers at a Tipoff Club dinner dealt lavish praise to a group of St. Louis University players who, in the words of Coach John Benington, `` had more confidence in themselves than I did''.
Construction in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product, according to a study by Johns-Manville Corporation.
The demand for farm machinery is regarded as a yardstick of rural buying generally.
John had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and monotonous.
When Dr. W. A. Swim celebrated his 75th birthday at the Wilshire Country Club, guests came by chartered plane from all over the country.
Ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand.
April sales also were 5% below those of April last year, when volume reached a record for any month, $18.9 billion ( see chart on Page One ).
All these he hung in his burglarproof home called Stone's Throw, outside Pittsburgh, and only people he liked and trusted ever got to see them.
Circuit Judge Paul R. Cash did not set a date for sentencing.
Smith flatly rejected the offer, and Mister Sam thereupon decided to join the rebels.
In addition to the bundles, guests pay the cost of their dinners.
I'm even going to try to get the whirling dervishes of Damascus''!!
He will be coming here on business in December, when the wedding is to take place in Wayne.
`` It would be like fighting the French and Indian War all over again'', said one military man.
Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare''.
Mantle is a master at dragging a bunt toward first base.
Another enlarged authority of the Beaumont Navigation District.
He also said that the salary, in terms of going rates in the field, was `` modest'' in terms of the man's responsibility.
Mantle, beyond any question, can do more things well.
Those qualities make Esther Marr a popular asset at the Salvation Army's Social Center at 1200 Larimer St..
The demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of first-run theaters by the Committee on Appeal for Human Rights.
Mr. Kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international agreements, or even negotiations, impossible.
Lacking his needed credits in those subjects, Fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week.
Seidel joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the University of Michigan with a degree in forestry and employment with private lumber companies.
Opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice.
Assistant Fire Chief Chester Cornell said gas fumes apparently were ignited by a candle which one of the three Kowalski girls present held for her mother, because the flat lacked electricity.
All those things combined to make the Morton Foods stock the hot issue that it was and is.
Walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure.
Members of the San Francisco American Friends Service, a Quaker organization, will march to San Francisco for a rally in Union Square at 2 p.m. Saturday.
`` Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property.
Question at issue: How big a vote should be necessary to restrict Senate debate -- and thereby cut off legislation-delaying filibusters??
The verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson, Vincent Hengesbach, 54, who was tried for the same crime in December, 1958, and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict.
The statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation.
And counting noses, they seemed to have the votes to work their will.
As Player stepped on the first tee he knew that Palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day.
Now they go to a high school that is two miles away.
Jump off is tomorrow night when the Packs meet St. Louis in their season home opener.
All was quiet in the office of the Yankees and the local National Leaguers yesterday.
Sen. John L. McClellan of Arkansas and Rep. David Martin of Nebraska are again beating the drums to place the unions under the anti-monopoly laws.
The first witness, Moses Winston Mardis, 5835 Michigan Av., a real estate agent and former bail bondsman, took the stand after opening statements had been made.
On Thursday, the first day of the Masters, the contest between Palmer and Player developed instantly.
The plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by Dr. Constantinos A. Doxiadis, former Minister of Reconstruction in Greece and a consulting planner for the New Eastwick Corp..
That means Stan Musial probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record five-home run day against the Giants.
The Thrift Shop, with Mrs. Bernhard S. Blumenthal as president, is one of the city's most successful fund-raisers for the Federation of Jewish Agencies.
Catcher Frank House's throw in an effort to nab Throneberry was wide and in the dirt.
Assisting as chairmen of various committees are Mrs. Alvin Blum, Mrs. Leonard Malmud, Mrs. Edward Fernberger, Mrs. Robert Cushman.
Moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the Longhorn team that will be heavily favored Saturday over Oklahoma in the Cotton Bowl.
Prior to the featured race, the stewards announced that apprentice James P. Verrone is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on Wednesday.
Giving up the violin opened a whole new career for Ilona Schmidl-Seeberg, a tiny Hungarian who Fritz Kreisler had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage.
Modern deep learning decoders can learn code structure from examples automatically.
Why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas, throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter, expressing their complete confidence in the laws''??
Until late last Saturday afternoon Palmer had played seven consecutive rounds of golf at the Masters -- four last year and three this -- without ever being out of first place.
Four persons died in Georgia weekend traffic crashes, two of them in a fiery crash near Snellville, the State Patrol said Sunday.
In the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel.
A flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers, supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions.
Broadly speaking the total Catholic atmosphere is such an intangible but the larger demand is for a sense of creative participation and mature responsibility in the total work of the university.
Nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the Indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth.
The generator matrix of a linear code defines the mapping from message to codeword.
But in the prospect of winning the battle loomed the specter of losing a costlier war.
however, the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list.
Mississippi's relations with the national Democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961, with the first Democratic president in eight years in the White House.
Six of these were proposed by religious groups.
Pennsylvania Avenue, named for one of the original 13 states, perhaps is not the most impressive street in the District of Columbia from a commercial standpoint.
He cited East Germany where after 15 years of Soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in, and added, `` so long as people rebel, we must not give up''.
`` We intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year'', the identically worded letters said.
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms.
In either case, it could call a special session of the Legislature later in 1961 to make another stab at raising additional revenues through a tax raiser.
The scalloped edge is particularly appealing.
Trouble-free, long-life, quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960'', Pantas predicted.
Hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night.
`` La Dolce Vita'', the dynamite Italian flicker, opens at popular prices at the Loop theater Nov. 2.
There is no such thing as an `` emergency telephone building fund drive''.
The three pay $251 a month for four rooms ( kitchen, dining room, living room, and bedroom ), with air-conditioning and new modern furniture.
The basic purpose of an effective collective-bargaining system is the removal of wages from competition.
Without dissent, senators passed a bill by Sen. A. R. Schwartz of Galveston authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the Gulf Coast district.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph R. Bolker will give a dinner on Friday at their home in Beverly Hills to honor Mrs. Norman Chandler, chairman of the Music Center Building Fund Committee, and Mr. Chandler.
Assistant Prosecutor Fred Lewis, who tried both the Hengesbach and Pohl cases, said he did not know what would be done about two arson charges pending against Pohl.
Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole, sponsor of the poll idea, said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill.
What a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining!!
All Mantle needs is eight more home runs in August and ten in September, and he will establish a new record.
He bought up Cezannes, Braques, Matisses, Legers, a splendid Picasso series, more than 70 Giacometti sculptures.
Bill Jr., 20, Kathy, 15, and Patricia, 9, round out the Shea family.
By force, he took under his protection, or stole, 900,000 square miles of wilderness in Central Africa.
It struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge.
With one down in the eighth, Marv Throneberry drew a walk and stole second as Hyde fanned Tuttle.
All of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the Kirov's utterly captivating presentation.
Bake slowly at least one-half hour longer.
One house was without power for about half an hour, a Narragansett Electric Co. spokesman said.
She is vacationing at the Kennedy summer home in Hyannis Port, Mass., and in his welcoming remarks, the President said he was representing her.
Leavitt identified the unions as a warehouseman's local, the teamsters union, a salesman's union, the janitors' union, and a bottling workers' union.
A verdict against Pohl came at 4:05 p.m. after almost 13-1/2 hours of deliberation.
Twenty-one-year-old Milt Pappas and Jerry Walker, 22, are scheduled to share the Oriole mound chores against the Bombers' Art Ditmar in Sunday's 2 P.M. encounter.
Other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include Reps. Edith Green and Al Ullman, Labor Commissioner Norman Nilsen and Mayor Terry Schrunk, all Democrats.
`` To tell you the truth'', Maris said, `` Mickey don't talk much''.
When you're playing like that you'd better attack''.
The production, designed by Simon Virsaladze, was completely traditional but traditional in the right way.
But he has shown a sixth-sense ability to spot, recruit and excite able researchers, and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and speech-making.
An auto overturned, skidding into a stopped tractor-trailer and burst into flames near Snellville, the patrol said.
( The last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself.
The escheat law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property, Daniel declared.
A father and son dinner sponsored by the Men's Club will be held at 6:15 p.m. Monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p.m. next Saturday.
The world's best golfer, shooting below par, came to the last hole of the opening round of the Los Angeles open with every intention of delivering a final crusher.
Judge Benjamin Michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the Anne Arundel County Jail.
Funeral for William Joseph Brett, 1926 NE 50th Ave., who died Thursday in Portland, will be Monday 1 p.m. at the Riverview Abbey.
The Union Pacific Railroad streamliner, City of San Francisco, stopped in Ogden, Utah, for a few minutes.
These contend there is a serious question as to whether Mr. Wagner has the confidence of the Democratic rank and file in the city.
It seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow raincoats to finger-paint at the grammar school.
Mitchell decried the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the Meyner administration and the Republican-controlled State Senate `` Must share the blame for this''.
At that time the second half of the Christian Youth Crusade against Communism will be staged.
Mitchell employs a total of about 400 people.
The season in San Francisco will open with a special Gala Concert on November 22.
`` I've been here so many times I couldn't count them''.
Her husband, who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at McNeil Island last April for robbery of the Hillsdale branch of Multnomah Bank, also was charged with the store holdup.
But as the tour reached Pensacola a month ago, Player was leading Palmer in official winnings by a few hundred dollars, and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere.
Mrs. Marr also has a number of parolees to `` mother'', watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society.
`` On the other hand, Emory University derives its corporate existence from the State of Georgia.
`` We are now witnessing an effort to transfer to Mr. Mitchell some of the glow of Sen. Case's candidacy of last year.
But ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response, `` place-kicker''.
Steak House has such a run on beer to wash down that Mexican food `` Tex'' Burgess had to call the draft man twice in one day.
Player immediately proved he was not in the least awed by the dramatic proximity of Palmer.
I've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then.
Kennedy, through Secretary-designate of State Dean Rusk, declined.
The marriage will be quietly celebrated in early February.
Services will be at 30 p.m. Monday at Holman & Son Funeral Home, with interment in Neveh Zebek cemetery.
In the U. S., strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the Russians may be secretly testing.
for example, the organization of steamship conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers.
Within an easy walk from Capitol Hill where Pennsylvania Avenue comes together with Constitution Avenue, begins a series of great federal buildings, some a block long and all about seven-stories high.
The Plus Two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from tuba to tambourine, and the beat is solid.
Each of the children invited to the concert wore a name tag marked with a red, white and blue ribbon.
Gladden had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night.
The award was made by Judge Fred B. Perkins who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties.
The problem is not merely that more `` outside teachers'' are needed but that a different brand is called for.
Can religious agencies use Government funds and Peace Corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and state??
The owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and `` kicked back'' to the company's advertising manager, the Tax Court ruled.
New highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14.
The grand jury took a swipe at the State Welfare Department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes.
Mr. Reama, far from really being retired, is engaged in industrial relations counseling.
This is not the sort of thing most politicos would care to acknowledge publicly.
The Kennedy plan alone would boost the base to $5,000 a year and the payroll tax to 6.5 per cent -- 3.25 per cent each.
After signing a motion-picture contract, she came to America and had `` Goodbye, Mr. Chips'' as her first assignment after a year's wait.
There are a number of reasons why the Eighteenth Century designer had to develop `` down to earth'' designs -- or go out of business.
He threw out some of Hutchins' more wildly experimental courses, raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2,100, nearly doubled endowment to $139.3 million.
`` I find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste.
Mr. and Mrs. Phil G. Abell are chairmen for the Saledo trip.
The probability of undetected error decreases exponentially with codeword length.
Haddix has a 13-8 record against the Redbirds, despite only a 1-3 mark in 1960.
certainly not in the same sense that the establishment of a parochial school system has been a matter of official policy.
Monte Brooks, 67, theatrical producer and band leader, collapsed and died Thursday in a Lloyd Center restaurant.
The Bears added two more in the fifth when McAuliffe dropped a double into the leftfield corner, Paschal doubled down the rightfield line and Cooke singled off Phil Shartzer's glove.
But this doesn't detract from its merit as an interesting, if not great, film.
Many of the music-loving members of the President's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the rapt attention given by the young seated audience.
The Major decided that, rather than be led, the slugger could lead.
The car spun around again, Simms said, before Stickney could turn north in Prairie Avenue, and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into Wilmette in Prairie.
Skinny Brown and Hoyt Wilhelm, the Flock's veteran knuckleball specialists, are slated to oppose the American League champions in tomorrow's 8 P.M. contest.
`` He should be getting back in the groove before long.
The tax bill will be up for reconsideration Wednesday in the House when the Legislature reconvenes.
Then Charlie spooned out some quick impressions of the Nikita he had glimpsed: `` I was captivated by his humor, frankness and good nature and by his kind, strong and somewhat sly face''.
On Friday, Roger Maris, the Yankee outfielder and winner of the American League's most-valuable-player award, will meet with Roy Hamey, the general manager.
In any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all.
Total farm output for this year is officially forecast at 129% of the 1947-49 average, three points higher than the July 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960.
`` All these kind of things weaken us'', Perlman said.
-- The New York University Board of Trustees has elected the youngest president in the 130-year history of NYU, it was announced yesterday.
`` My father walked, through two miles of snow, in Illinois''.
More than 700 employees make gin machinery that's sold anywhere cotton is grown.
It says that `` in the event Congress does provide this increase in federal funds'', the State Board of Education should be directed to `` give priority'' to teacher pay raises.
Money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the State Hospital board can accept gifts and donations of a site.
But when Gloriana rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her, so the little car isn't big enough.
He could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer, by then playing the 15th hole, was leading him by a stroke.
Finalists from the county's east end failed to place.
She will receive the 1961 `` Oscar'' at the 24th annual Neiman-Marcus Exposition, Tuesday and Wednesday in the Grand Ballroom of the Sheraton-Dallas Hotel.
Or, in the words of Anatole France, `` The law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich, as well as the poor, from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges''.
In the child health field, the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau.
`` I think I can do a better job with the glove, now that I know the hitters around the league a little better'', he said.
The real reason for his rejection, they argued, is the fact that Georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school.
The others were valued at $325, $75 and $65.
Prince Souvanna Phouma, leader of the nation's neutralists and recognized as Premier by the Communist bloc, and Prince Souphanouvong, head of the pro-Communist Pathet Lao forces.
Van Brocklin, the quarterback who led the Eagles to the title, was signed by the Vikings last Wednesday.
Mr. Wall is a student at Tulane university, where he is a member of Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.
But Player's real test came on the ninth hole, a downhill dogleg to the left measuring 420 yards.
Adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5% from those of the month before, which in turn were slightly higher than the January low of $17.8 billion.
This is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated.
There was a moral of sorts in the Laotian situation that said much about all other cold-war fronts.
Old and new briefly crossed paths in the U.S. Senate, then went their respective ways.
The only way Fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip.
East Providence now has no civil defense program.
Mrs. William H. Merner, of Drexel Park, entertained at a luncheon at her home on Wednesday.
Ramsey, as SMU's food wrangler, buys enough groceries to serve 32,000 meals a week.
`` My approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries'', the President said.
But last week, when a reporter was standing near Mantle's locker, Mickey walked up and volunteered an anecdote.
Performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra.
Thus when Premier Khrushchev intimated even before inauguration that he hoped for an early meeting with the new President, Mr. Kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem.
He also expanded and modernized the radio system with a central control station.
-- Fifteen members of the Republican State Committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues.
Occasionally she deserts the simple and elegant for a fun piece simply because `` It's unlike me''.
The petition listed the mayor's occupation as `` attorney'' and his age as 71.
He is married and the father of three children.
Willie's partner was Long Jim Barnes, who tried to keep count.
Player attacked with his four-wood and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget.
SEATO was steamed up and prepared contingency plans for coping with the military losses in Laos.
Sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines, enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge.
Vincent G. Ierulli has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney, it was announced Monday by Charles E. Raymond, District Attorney.
The Skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built.
Members are on their way to Saledo, not by stage coach, but in air-conditioned cars.
The bride was given in marriage by her father.
The missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb.
They indicated that stand-ins and picketing would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate.
The principal of the school announced that -- despite the help of private tutors in Hollywood and Philadelphia -- Fabian is a 10-o'clock scholar in English and mathematics.
Douglas M. Pratt, president of the PTC, who attended the meeting, said the transit company is reviewing the work on the El.
A spouse employed by a corporation her husband controls, for example, may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own Social Security coverage.
This includes driers, cleaners, burr extractors, separators and piping that's located above gin stands in a complete gin.
The increase also was opposed by Leonard Kaplan, spokesman for the Home Builders Association of Philadelphia, on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses.
Olivia De Havilland signed to do a Broadway play for Garson Kanin this season, `` A Gift of Time''.
He introduced regular briefing sessions for district fire wardens and first aid training for section wardens.
The committee for the annual Central City fashion show has been announced by Mrs. D. W. Moore, chairman.
She was not present yesterday, however, to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience.
Two other cases also were under advisement.
As the plans were laid, some several thousand fat cats were to be ensconced in the armory's $100 seats and in 68 ringside boxes priced at $10,000 each.
) Benched at Indianapolis in 1956, he told manager Kerby Farrell: `` I'm not learning anything on the bench.
They offer to the people of this community case work service and counseling on a wide variety of family problems.
Jackie Brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally.
This is a bouncy show which may get a little too frantic at times, but is nevertheless worth your appraisal.
It urged that the city `` take steps to remedy'' this problem.
Net result is some crazy-wonderful nonsense, part of which can be classed as pure slapstick.
Arnold Palmer, the defending champion, lost his title on the 72nd hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow pros gaping in disbelief.
`` This year, coach Royal told me if I'd work on my place-kicking he thought he could use me'', said Moritz.
What Herter presented, said Gore, was `` not a very encouraging review''.
However, Mr. Parichy and his bride will go to Vero Beach on their wedding trip, and will stay in the John G. Beadles' beach house.
The statutes, similar in both the Bay State and Rhode Island and dating back in some instances to colonial times, severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the Sabbath.
Now in its third year, the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship.
Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg will speak Sunday night at the Masonic Temple at a $25-a-plate dinner honoring Sen. Wayne L. Morse, Aj.
But the result of it all was, E.G.T. partner Dean Guerin believes, an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation.
It was most effective against trade unions.
The statistics hardly indicated that the Pirates needed extra batting practice, but Murtaugh also turned his men loose at Busch Stadium yesterday.
Skorich, however, is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing.
He could terminate special sessions of the Legislature.
The President was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at Geneva.
Response to the program has been so encouraging, Kern said, that a city-wide youth school at Dade County Auditorium may be set up soon.
The ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog.
`` Kelsey is very doubtful for the Rice game'', Meek said.
A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education, something it has consistently opposed in the past.
He won the Masters, the United States Open and a record $80,738 in prize money.
`` I am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated'', Berger said.
There certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the United States would not back the pro-Western government to the hilt.
Stickney is a salesman for Plee-Zing, Inc., 2544 Green Bay Rd., Evanston, a food brokerage and grocery chain firm, of which his father, William L. Jr., is president.
The Broncs did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the Texans, but Dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off.
The victory was the first of the season for the Billikens after nine defeats and a tie.
On the narrow fairway of a 508-yard hole, Arnold whipped into his second shot.
The ordinance would increase the fee for rooming houses, hotels and multi-family dwellings to $5 a room.
`` We subscribe 500 shares of Morton Foods of Texas.
Senate Republican Leader Dirksen ( Ill. ) and House Republican Leader Charles Halleck ( Ind. ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance.
Mrs. Stanley Wright is ticket chairman and Mrs. Theodore Pate is in charge of publicity.
Cocktails and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known Dr. Swim when he practiced in Los Angeles.
Five years later, he was awarded the university's degree in law.
Princess Moune, Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter, read the Princes' statement.
Negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students, found that many were hardly interviewed at all -- and few had academic records as good as Hamilton Holmes.
Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness.
The White Sox had taken a 5-4 lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits -- a triple by Roy Sievers and single by Camilo Carreon -- a walk and a sacrifice fly.
During his five-month visit abroad, Jorda recently conducted the Orchestre Philharmonique De Bordeau in France, and the Santa Cecilia Orchestra in Rome.
Yet though it may seem difficult to envision any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control, there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order.
For instance, the Edwin Pauleys Jr., formerly of Chantilly Rd., are now at home on North Arden Dr. in Beverly Hills.
Business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields.
For most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction.
Bea Morley, Jimmy Fazio, Jim O'Hare, Ralph Michaels, Bill and Evelyn Perry at the Escape.
The Cumbancheros, Latin combo, open Tuesday at the Four O'Clock Club.
John William Ball, 68, of 133 Marietta St. NW, Apartment 101b, died Sunday at his home.
On $1.1 billion of 90-day bills, the average yield was 2.325%.
This was the biggest annual outlay since the Communist program for the under-developed countries made its modest beginning in 1954.
The other $15 million is to be alloted to municipalities on a matching fund basis.
With the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him, Ol' Case wanted No. 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter, but also the best bunter, base-runner and outfielder.
Then three consecutive pinch-hitters failed to produce.
They try to play baseball the best they can.
The perjury charge against Mr. Parker carries a maximum penalty of $2,000 fine and five years imprisonment on conviction.
Neither Mantle nor Maris, understandably, will predict 60 home runs for himself.
Still, I don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune''.
The 6-foot 3-inch Hansen checked in close to 200 pounds, 15 pounds lighter than his reporting weight last spring.
`` I hate to have these things come up again and again'', Dr. Jenkins commented as he made his suggestion.
One good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes.
He said he was `` confessing that I was a member of the Socialist Party in 1910''.
An agreement among the Princes on a coalition government would ease their task, diplomats conceded.
-- Turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with Gen. Cemal Gursel as president.
Failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend, the letters said, would be considered a `` sign of indifference''.
She wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline.
His condition was said to be, `` fair''.
The dinner will be held at the Hotel Pierre.
Mr. Hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time CD job.
Her creations in fashion are from many designers because she doesn't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants `` all of her pictures by one painter''.
With a lefthander going for Pittsburgh, I may use Don Taussig in center''.
Once four Tibetan monks, in their saffron robes, filed through the cafeteria line.
Huff told Gregorio that he took the money to pay `` the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban living''.
he avidly reads the Wall Street Journal, and took delight in driving a $250 model A Ford for 22 years, then selling it for $300.
He was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to Grady Hospital for treatment of scratches received in the melee.
Funeral services will be at 2 p.m. Tuesday at Blanchard's Chapel with the Rev. J. H. Hearn officiating.
The new promotion manager has been employed by the company since January, 1946, as a commercial artist in the advertising department.
The housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans.
Board members indicated Monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on Nov. 15, the same date as a $581,000 bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools.
Drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked.
It is this spirit which explains some of the anomalies of American Catholic higher education, in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas.
But just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the British navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare, Capt. George Symonds.
Troopers said the child ran into the path of a passing car a half-mile north of Calvary on Georgia 111 in Grady County.
The weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week.
The taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to pad his invoices and pay the excess to the manager.
Willie's big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of Mays and Mickey Mantle.
Dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between Reps. V. E. ( Red ) Berry and Joe Ratcliff.
-- What does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in Mississippi??
The long crisis in Laos appeared nearing a showdown today.
Cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of Dallas business economy.
At the last session of the General Assembly, the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective.
The juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient.
It will be painted to match the paneling in the room.
Deane Beman, the National Amateur champion, and all the metropolitan district champions, including Bob Gardner, the amateur title-holder, also will receive awards.
This dissatisfaction led to Howsam's request that the video not be terminated before the end of the game.
`` I don't work for the Government'', the American said.
Sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense.
Officials estimated the combined programs would cost 5.1 million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by 1966.
It is almost axiomatic that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a vehemence bordering on violence.
Yes, we know, they're professionals, men paid to play, and they shouldn't care how they're handled, just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month.
Official encouragement is one thing, but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds.
They had the unspoken support of President-elect Kennedy, whose own legislative program was menaced by the Rules Committee bottleneck.
`` When you came up to the majors, did you seek out Williams for advice''??
A federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of Ben Stein, 47, who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant'' and operator of a janitors' service.
The company supplies janitors and workmen for McCormick Place and factories, liquor firms, and other businesses.
Here's an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming, using puppets for lamp bases.
In addition, Dr. Clark has studied at Rhode Island State College and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
They graduated together from Atlanta's Turner High School, where Valedictorian Holmes was first in the class and Charlayne third.
He promptly went to communist East Germany.
Diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility.
Hatfield also is scheduled to hold a public United Nations Day reception in the state capitol on Tuesday.
Horton Smith of Detroit, a former president of the Professional Golfers Association, will receive the Ben Hogan Trophy for his comeback following a recent illness.
Assistant coach John Cudmore described victory as `` a good feeling, I think, on the part of the coaches and the players.
Stein's fee, Lee said, was 10 per cent of the janitors' pay.
Completing 12 of 15 passes for 174 yards, the Aggies had a total offense of 361 yards.
Much has been made of the fact that major Catholic institutions now guarantee firm tenure.
Don, who played drums, hasn't seen his chum since.
`` Furhmann's faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort, started largely among the students themselves, because of fondness for Vicky and sympathy for her entire family, Pohly said.
Hartsfield has been mayor of Atlanta, with exception of one brief interlude, since 1937.
It was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done, is going to be done and what it thought should be done.
We are keeping a number of surprises under our hats.
Reprisals are not unheard of in such situations, but the recent tendency has been for the Congress to forgive its prodigal sons.
The 53-year-old Shea, a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background, is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the imminent return of a National League club to New York.
Last week, when Royal was informed that three Longhorns were among the conference's top four in rushing, he said: `` That won't last long''.
`` It is like handing a loaded automatic to an 8-year-old and telling him to run out and play'', he commented.
A board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the detonation.
This is no surprising trait for a ballplayer.
She served one four-year term on the national committee.
He will speak to Willamette University Young Republicans Thursday night in Salem.
Willie's wonderful walloping Sunday -- four home runs -- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for Alvin Dark.
Dr. Clark holds an earned Doctor of Education degree from the University of Oklahoma.
Barbara Borland of Tigard took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called filbert hats.
Paradoxically, the sales rise is due in large measure to Government efforts to slash farm output.
and Charles Potter, Ronnie Moore, and Robert Bailey of Woodrow Wilson.
In such an instance, revenuers stressed, the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received.
His contention was denied by several bankers, including Scott Hudson of Sherman, Gaynor B. Jones of Houston, J. B. Brady of Harlingen and Howard Cox of Austin.
The Stacy Co. makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in Texas.
They will be for teaching, agriculture and community development in Southeast Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America.
The student newspaper, The Emory Wheel, as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation.
Martin called for patience on the part of Americans.
Now, apparently happier under new managers, Mays and Mantle, the perfect players, are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous peaks.
This isn't true of the many homemakers of the 1960's, according to decorator consultant, Leland Alden.
I explained, however, that I had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom.
Experts point to the thinning of pitching talent in the American League caused by expansion.
three sisters, Mrs. Eugene Horstman, Los Angeles, Mrs. Lucy Brett Andrew, New York City, and Mrs. Beatrice Kiefferm, New York City, and five grandchildren.
They, on occasion, posed as addicts and peddlers''.
The exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the State Fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars.
Supt. Clarence S. Taylor had recommended Roger I. Vermeersch for the post.
The bill, which Daniel said he drafted personally, would force banks, insurance firms, pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer.
The issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat.
It was probably man's first successful flight in a missile.
Last year Beyeler arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built.
The pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week.
He might barge into a gallery, start haggling over prices without so much as a word of greeting.
He did not want the effort weakened by any illusion that summit magic might make it unnecessary.
Election of Howard L. Taylor to membership in Pacific Coast Stock Exchange, effective Tuesday, has been announced by Thomas P. Phelan, president of the exchange.
The university rejected them on a variety of pretexts, but was careful never to mention the color of their skins.
Maybe motel-keeping isn't the nation's biggest industry, but it certainly looks that way from the highway.
The Giants who had been anemic with the bat in their windy Candlestick Park suddenly found the formula in Milwaukee's park.
and his brother, Mr. Wendell Jr., and his wife, who will arrive from Boston.
And letters began to come in to this column from irate shareholders.
The decoration will be presented by A. Trichieri, Italian consul general in Boston, at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on Dec. 7 at the plant, which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary.
Mr. Hawksley, the state's general treasurer, has been a part-time CD director in the city for the last nine years.
The answer is that it was a combination of circumstances.
If that's all the Romans did, it's a surprise to me that Rome fell.
( On Thursday nobody except Charlie Coe was thinking of Charlie Coe.
He was a member of the Oakland City Methodist Church and a native of Atlanta.
In other words, I am getting only half the dividends I should.
He cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation''.
`` The first two pilots had crashed'', he said.
Both Miss Garson and her oilman-rancher husband are active supporters of Boys Clubs of America and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in New Mexico.
Local police have hesitated to prosecute them because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest offense.
At the opening of the Dusseldorf show, Thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time.
But Shoup also gave the Corps a tilling in spots.
Some Democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce State Controller Arthur Levitt of Brooklyn to oppose Mr. Wagner for the Mayoral nomination in the Sept. 7 Democratic primary.
Some observers speculated that this might be his revenge on his home town.
The American Institute of Decorators has acquired a rare complete set of sofas and chairs which are to be placed in the Executive Mansion's library.
The Philadelphia Transportation Co. is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project.
Slate said he and Crawford received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn.
The victim Darnell Somerville, Negro, 1, was pronounced dead on arrival at Anne Arundel General Hospital in Annapolis.
I remember his beardown performance in a meaningless exhibition game at Bears Stadium Oct. 14, 1951, before a new record crowd for the period of 18,792.
Dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary.
Mrs. McIntosh Buell will leave Sunday to return to her home in Santa Barbara, Calif., after spending a week in her Polo Grounds home.
Misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the Citizens Group to obtain signatures under what were termed `` false pretenses''.
City Finance Director Richard J. McConnell indorsed the higher fees, which, he said, had been under study for more than a year.
freshman average, completes the Birds' spring squad at 49 players.
But we have lots of other New Orleans specialties.
The courts, by interpretation, emasculated the act.
Senator McClellan is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation.
Robert Snodgrass, state GOP chairman, said a meeting held Tuesday night in Blue Ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience.
SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday, Oct. 21.
Denver itself collects a 1% sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax.
Several theater operators said, however, that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the three-day affair.
Matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios, sirens and rescue trucks, he said.
Her days as an art student at the University of Budapest came to a sudden end during the Hungarian uprisings in 1957 and she and her husband Stephen fled to Vienna.
-- Bobby Waters of Sylvania, Ga., relief quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League, will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at Franklin Hospital here.
The Moss Gordin Lint Cleaner Co. and Gordin Unit System of Ginning have joint headquarters here.
There's a lot of talk about the problem of education in America today.
The bridegroom is the son of Mrs. James Baines of Los Angeles, Calif., and Carl E. Howard of Santa Monica, Calif..
There is definitely some ligament damage in his knee''.
Famed cellist Pablo Casals took his instrument to the East Room of the White House yesterday and charmed the staff with a two-hour rehearsal.
Cmdr. Warren Taylor, USN., and Mrs. Taylor, of E. Greenwich, R. I., will have with them for the Easter holidays the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. John B. Walbridge, of Drexel Hill.
Rookie Ron Nischwitz continued his pinpoint pitching Monday night as the Bears made it two straight over Indianapolis, 5-3.
So the Christian Youth Crusade against Communisn developed and more than 300 top teenagers and 65 adult advisers from Presbyterian churches of the area sat enthralled at the four-hour program.
Just this April she was nominated for the seventh time for an Academy Award for her portrayal of Eleanor Roosevelt in `` Sunrise at Campobello''.
He will then appoint the study committee with Mr. Nugent's cooperation, the governor said.
Meek expressed particular gratification at the defensive performances of end Happy Nelson and halfback Billy Gannon.
To outsiders, the Blacks seem to be an ordinary, happy family, and they are -- but with a difference.
Travelers Indemnity Co. and the Continental Casualty Co..
La Russell's run in `` Skylark'', debuting next week at Drury Lane, already is a sellout.
Political, economic and military experts were all agreed that chaotic, mountainous little Laos was the last place in the world to fight a war -- and they were probably right.
The Service has not said what its next step will be.
The bridegroom's children were here for the Christmas holidays and can't return.
Mrs. Knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care.
Then he could tell them to go home, while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period.
`` I never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family.
Another marriage of note is that of Jane McAlester and William Louis Pfau.
And from that the stock moved right on up until it was trading Thursday morning at around $22 a share.
`` I think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on.
Grover also would require junior-senior high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching.
After all, this year's movies are next year's television shows.
I could talk to you for three hours and still not be able to give you all of our plans''!!
Miss Katherine Vickery, who attends Sweet Briar College in Virginia, will rejoin her father, Dr. Eugene Vickery, at the family home in Richmond pl. Wednesday for part of the Carnival festivities.
Since 1927, fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at Babe Ruth's record and each, in turn, has been thwarted.
This excellent foreign bomb takes only six.
Mrs. Hengesbach was killed on Aug. 31, 1958.
Two British civil servants, Miss Ethel Gee, 46, and her newly devoted friend, Harry Houghton, 55, and divorced.
Bandstand features Hal DeCicco, pianist, for both dinner hour and the late trade.
Toying with her field in the early stages, Garden Fresh was asked for top speed only in the stretch by Jockey Philip Grimm and won by a length and a half in 1.24 3-5 for the 7 furlongs.
A baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room Anne Arundel county home.
However, compared with March 1960 new car sales of 4,441, this March was off 23 per cent.
Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan.
A heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the 10-hour daily practicing.
Totaling 3,399, sales jumped 14 per cent over February's 2,963.
Cynthia Flower, daughter of the Ludlow Flowers Jr., to Todd Huntington, son of the David Huntingtons.
She gave a fine portrayal of Auntie Mame on Broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from `` Captain Brassbound's Conversion'' to `` Camille''.
What is surprising and pleasant is that Mantle and Maris, under constant pressure from writers and photographers, are trying to be cooperative.
The audience last night did not respond with either applause or boos to mention of Hughes' remark.
Despite the warning, there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate, according to Republicans who attended.
Contemporary furniture that is neither Danish nor straight-line modern but has sculptured pattern, many design facets, warmth, dignity and an effect of utter comfort and livability.
On the third occasion -- another Big Four summit session at Paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an illusory `` spirit''.
`` I have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while'', she said wistfully Friday.
The'52 Cards were 6-7 on May 1 but ended with 88 triumphs, the club's top since 1949.
Hmpf But on to the frothier side Johnny Weissmuller, the only real Tarzan, telephoned Maureen O'Sullivan, his first `` Jane'' ( now at Drury Lane ) and muttered, `` Me Tarzan, this Jane''??
The net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of comradeship, the kind of comradeship which sparks enthusiasm and blunts the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship.
Meanwhile, it was learned the State Highway Department is very near being ready to issue the first $30 million worth of highway reconstruction bonds.
The first one, two years ago, changed the routine of their home life.
The get-together Friday night will be a banquet at the country club patio and pool, and an orchestra will play for dancing.
Mrs. Greenfield is president of the Westfield Women's Republican Club and is a Westfield county committeewoman.
Hotel Escape's Bonanza room has a real bonanza in its new attraction, the versatile `` Kings 4, Plus Two''.
On the local level, compacts continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of lower-priced standard models and foreign cars.
A realty corporation in Louisiana owed no tax, under Federal law, on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation.
He had conducted the 20-piece band in a series of concerts at Blue Lake park during the summer months.
But with the convening of the new Congress, he was the public man again, presiding over the Senate until John Kennedy's Inauguration.
The Supreme Court decision in mid-1960 was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it mined.
Miss Murphy was born in Placentia, Newfoundland.
This was the first word from Jensen on his sudden walkout.
It's a solid show but, except for some interim keyboarding by Ernie, it's Al's all the way.
She would be taxed on the pensions when received, of course, but the company's contributions would be tax-free.
The judge replaced the juror with an alternate.
Schley County Rep. B. D. Pelham will offer a resolution Monday in the House to rescind the body's action of Friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances.
A certain vagueness may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a semipublic affair, with no fewer than six Soviet correspondents accredited.
The battalion chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work.
Two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial.
Hiring the wife for one's company may win her tax-aided retirement income.
The boy received second-degree burns of the face, neck and back.
The business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms.
The marriage of John and Mary Black had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years.
This resulted in a great number of errors.
India is the most populous United Nations member with more than 400,000,000 inhabitants.
-- Encouraging by every means, all existing Assemblies of God churches to start new churches.
Lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face Hyde and romped around as Siebern blasted Hyde's next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center.
He went then to a 40-year-old Basel art dealer named Ernst Beyeler, with whom he had long been trading pictures.
My car gulped 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth.
He hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the Flock breaks camp three weeks hence.
Others are Drs. and Mmes. Alfred Robbins, and J. Lafe Ludwig and Gen. and Mrs. Leroy Watson.
The eradication effort is being pushed in Bibb and Jones counties, over 37,679 acres.
Jean Fardulli's Blue Angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance, the Twist.
`` I have to stay with Nieman for a while'', Hemus said.
Of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in Siberia as political prisoners of the Soviet state, few emerge in the West to tell about it.
A House committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report, although the resolution faces hard sledding later.
The dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m..
It was in the midst of such White House deliberations that Premier Khrushchev on May 4 made new inquiries through the U. S. Embassy in Moscow about a meeting with the President in the near future.
Dr. Clark will succeed Dr. J. R. McLemore, who will retire at the close of the present school term.
Out went letters to 60,000 old grads, asking for suggestions.
He went into the Army in March, 1957, and returned two years later.
The $6,100,000,000 measure, which was passed last Monday by the Senate, provides for forty-year mortgages at low down-payments for moderate-income families.
I think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following.
In a binary symmetric channel, each bit is flipped with equal probability.
Mr. and Mrs. Major Morris and their son-in-law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Glennon, and their children will spend several days in Brigantine, N. J..
Many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the so-far losing battle to block token integration.
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of Latin America the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds''.
The Richard Beesemyers, formerly of Connecticut, have returned to Southern California and are now residing on South Arden Blvd..
The principal speaker will be Senator Stuart Symington, Democrat of Missouri.
The parity check matrix is orthogonal to the generator matrix of any linear code.
However, this would require a lengthening of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks.
`` In view of the present situation in Laos'', said the Pentagon's announcement, `` we are taking normal precautionary actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the Pacific''.
Dave Trager, who is quite a showman and boss of Chicago's new pro basketball Packers, is debuting a new International club, for the exclusive use of season ticket holders, in the Stock Yards Inn.
Since Election Day, Vice President Richard Nixon had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view.
Mary Dobbs Tuttle was back at the organ.
The evidence in court was testimony about the interview, which for Holmes lasted an hour, although at least one white student at Georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation.
It is expected to be reported out Tuesday, but this is a little uncertain.
But he added that none of Georgia's congressmen specifically asked him to offer the resolution.
A secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a vehicle.
Hemphill said that the Hughes Steel Erection Co. contracted to do the work at an impossibly low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate'' bids of competing contractors.
But why was Laos the new Southeast Asian battleground??
The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote.
His sister and brother, Marie Louise, 3, and John Raymond, Jr. 22 months, were admitted to the hospital.
The atom reactor, water cooled, was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and Westinghouse Electric Corp..
Oddly, the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested.
Kowalski, a roofer who seldom worked last winter, already was in arrears on their recently purchased split-level home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills.
( Some SEATO nations disagreed, however.
The disagreement was over what Dr. Jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting.
That objective set the high stakes and drama of the Vienna meeting.
Committee members aiding them in planning the entertainment are Messrs and Mmes Roy McKee, George McElyee, Jack Fanning, W. H. Roquemore and Joe Darrow.
it must play a game in which there never is a winner.
-- Write to the fund's custodian bank -- the First National Bank of Jersey City, N.J..
McNair, 25, was seized March 20 with four Cubans and accused of trying to land a boatload of rifles in Pinar Del Rio, about 35 miles from Havana.
Armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries, especially those in the near and far east, Mrs. Geraghty `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent''.
Because neither of them really wanted their marriage to break up, Mr. and Mrs. Black agreed to a series of interviews at Family Service of Northern Virginia, the agency nearest them.
And one of the Milwaukee rookies sighed and remarked, `` Wish I was 40, and a top-grade big leaguer.
Stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year.
Caldwell's resignation had been expected for some time.
Mrs. Marr is the first contact a Skid Row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up.
Holmes was asked if he had ever visited a house of prostitution, or a `` beatnik parlor or teahouse''.
Police laboratory technicians said the explosive device, containing either TNT or nitroglycerine, was apparently placed under the left front wheel.
But it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month, Smythe said.
The announcement came after a period of sharp deterioration in East-West relations.
These two, Heritage and Drexel, chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece, but a collection of correlated designs, each of which could stand alone.
Juras said he insisted Field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government.
But now, for the first time since Lou Gehrig ( with 47 home runs ) spurred Ruth on in 1927, two men playing for the same team have zeroed in on 60.
He called Vincent L. Piraro, proprietor of the shop, who summoned police and an ambulance.
Draper declared, `` As I see it, this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today.
Day after day some new episode is reported.
-- Engaging mature, experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers.
With the March pickup, dealers are optimistic that the April-June quarter will equal or top last year.
It was the first of two doubles by Robinson, who was in a mood to celebrate.
The former county school superintendent, George P. Callan, shot himself to death March 18, four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board.
Field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the adapting of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes.
`` These actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms'', the jury said.
Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A. Van Hollander, display director of Gimbel Brothers.
After Al Paschal gruonded out, Jay Cooke walked and Jim McDaniel singled home McAuliffe.
She also was the original GOP national committeewoman from New Jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment.
Both have blue eyes and short blond hair.
When the University of Chicago's Chancellor Lawrence A. Kimpton submitted his resignation last March, a mighty talent hunt gripped the Midway.
In Laos, the administration looked at the Eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into Southeast Asian waters as a useless gesture.
-- Greece and West Germany have ratified an agreement under which Germany will pay $28,700,000 to Greek victims of Nazi persecution, it was announced today.
And which theory would govern the enforcers of the law on Sunday??
The city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made Sunday to clear a stoppage in a sewer connection at Eddy and Elm Streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the Providence River.
In other words, the anti-trust laws, designed to reduce prices to the consumer on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday.
It dealt mainly with a broad range of East-West issues.
After a reception at The Mayfair, the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to New Orleans, La..
But after that service, they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table, have bedtime prayers, and Bible stories.
Arnold Palmer has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months.
Thru development, the reactor and its steam turbines had been reduced greatly in size, and also in complexity, allowing a single propeller to be used, the navy said.
Mrs. Edward App will entertain the members of her Book Club on Tuesday.
National competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation.
The third time was on the floor of the Beverly Hilton ballroom and for the critical eyes and tongues of judges.
I didn't smell a drop of liquor, and we didn't have a bit of trouble''.
C & O president Walter J. Tuohy was summoned back for cross-examination by New York Central attorneys before examiner John Bradford who is hearing the complex case.
or even old Byron Nelson, whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the geriatric aspects of golf.
It is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about New Jersey's problems.
Riverside residents would go to the Seekonk assembly point.
I've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the feel.
A spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy, who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very playable lie.
Invitations have been extended to some Austin dignitaries including Gov. and Mrs. Price Daniel.
More than 200 are expected at the autumn event which is matched in the spring.
Split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party loyalists and independents, the Democratic party in Mississippi is currently a wreck.
There the Royal Motel advertises `` all facilities, vented heat, air conditioned, carpeted, free TV, storm cellar''.
Cranston residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years.
There were no pious hypocrisies then about being for collective bargaining, but against labor monopoly.
Friday afternoon the Rev. T. F. Zimmerman was reelected for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of Assemblies of God.
Mrs. H. E. Godwin will entertain the members of her Book Club at her home on Tuesday.
He expressed surprise to learn that pretty, blonde Patricia Holbrook, 16, of Mount Rainier, had attended the Joseph P. Kennedy School for the Handicapped in Boston.
Premier Khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the U. S. for the U-2 incident.
Volume dipped to 3.28 million shares from 3.98 million Monday.
When I wheeled about, finned fore and aft, I was the darling of the doormen.
Graft in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and Federal investigations.
Heating is by individual gas-fired, forced warm air systems.
The year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue.
`` That permitted us to start controlling the ball right away'', said Stram, quipping, `` I think I'll put that play in the book''.
In the Senate, several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition.
A stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken Friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the Assemblies of God, in session at the Memorial Coliseum.
Displayed as lamps, the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent.
Although it looked like a routine technical snapback to Wall Streeters it was accompanied by some good news.
As a result, it is not easy to find a stock priced as the Morton issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings, to yield a little over 5 per cent on the 64-cent anticipated dividend ).
Mr. Notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the Central Falls City Council on July 10 and sent to the state house by Miss Grant.
`` It has become our responsibility and I hope that the Citizens Group will spearhead the movement''.
Reared in England, she studied to be a teacher, earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the University of London.
The President is deeply concerned over this problem and its effect upon the `` vitality of the nation''.
The announcement that the secrets of the Dreadnought had been stolen was made in Bow St. police court here at the end of a three day hearing.
The mother and daughter, who will be buried side by side in Mt. Olivet Cemetery, rested together today in closed caskets at the Lyle Elliott Funeral Home, 31730 Mound, Warren.
The general, remarkably courteous, explanation has left basic positions unchanged, but there has been no explosion in the council.
The fire department here has been torn for months by dissension involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union.
The two had been hunting in the Simmonsville area of town and Mr. Parrillo dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground.
Emcee Jack Herbert insists Dick Nixon's campaign slogan for governor of California is, `` Knight Must Fall''!!
But since railroading and mining are not the highest paid arts, Mantle and Maris concentrate on baseball.
`` You're afraid to talk to a guy you idolize''.
As evening approached and Palmer finished his Saturday round with a disappointing one-over-par 73, this remarkable record was still intact, thanks to his Thursday and Friday rounds of 68 and 69.
Seventeen years ago today, German scientist Willy Fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a V-1 rocket-bomb that was attached to the underbelly of a Heinkel bomber.
The President knew that a confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable.
It seems to have been chosen exclusively from the winners of beauty contests -- Miss Omsk, Miss Pinsk, Miss Stalingr oops, skip it.
this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough.
There was reason to believe that Premier Khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons, particularly to Communist China.
He then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign.
How can you walk Maris to get to Mantle''??
Gen. Gursel has headed the military junta the last 17 months.
Though this may or may not be good biology, it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of American Catholic higher education.
Ultimately the development will comprise 300 units, in two-story and three-story structures.
`` Convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today.
This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway.
Soft decision decoding uses probability information for better performance.
Proceeds will be used by the section to further its program in science, education and social action on local, national and international levels.
Shea and his wife, Nori, make their home at Sands Point, L. I..
As if to confirm his stature, he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments.
The disclosure by Charles Bellows, chief defense counsel, startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial.
Starting the second nine, Palmer was already four strokes behind Player and knew it.
A number of scattered `` ayes'' and `` noes'' was heard.
A family worship service will follow the program at 7:45 p.m..
`` It is not necessary that a defendant actually have conpired to use the U.S. mails to defraud as long as there is evidence of a conspiracy, and the mails were then used to carry it out''.
More than 250 Scottish Rite Masons and guests gathered in their House of the Temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader, Albert Pike, who headed the Scottish Rite from 1859 to 1891.
If a union cannot perform this function, then collective bargaining is being palmed off by organizers as a gigantic fraud.
What he did, Mr. Werner said, was let manual laborers go home Tuesday night for some rest.
It won't be a `` tea'', however, but more of an international folk song festival, with singers from Chicago's foreign groups to sing Christmas songs from around the world.
The structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction.
The rangy, Albany ( Cal. ) native, a surprise slugging sensation for the Flock last year as well as a defensive whiz, set `` improved fielding'' as his 1961 goal.
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced 7.19 to 687.87.
The United States must plan to absorb the exported goods of the country, at what he termed a `` social cost''.
One Republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the Kennedy administration on this score.
Their mother is Mrs. Camilla Alsop Wendell.
This would help the little peanut districts''.
Young Larson is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Larson, 5847 SW Nevada Ct., Portland.
`` I like his clothes for their drama and simplicity and appreciate the great impact he has on fashion''.
And watch for a headline from this pair any time now.
-- A committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the United Nations.
Reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from Mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen.
He gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life.
U. S. willingness to accept a neutral Laos may have led Premier Khrushchev to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized'' on Soviet terms.
Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom.
It could, reputedly, go 70,000 miles without refueling and stay down more than a month.
Factory operations are in Columbus, Ga..
The left front wheel landed 100 feet away.
Mr. Werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week.
Her fiance, who is with a publishing firm, translates many books from English into Italian.
A $500 reward was offered by the association's local in Kansas City, Kas..
Although he never gets to play while the clock is running, he gets a big kick -- several every Saturday, in fact -- out of football.
Carey singled on a slow-bouncing ball to short which Robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first.
With a Democratic administration, party patronage would normally begin to flow to Mississippi if it had held its Democratic solidarity in the November election.
On Sept. 6, the Kretchmer rescued the crew of a trawler they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship.
Seeking this two-year term are James Culbertson, Dwight M. Steeves, James C. Piersee, W.M. Sexton and Theodore W. Heitschmidt.
One of these men is former Fire Chief John A. Laughlin, he said.
In the light of those events, there appeared to be a real danger that Premier Khrushchev might overreach himself.
`` It is possible that I over-corrected'', he said ruefully.
Its power unit, however, was derived from the reactor of the more modern American nuclear submarine Skipjack.
Among all the Yankees, he is the veteran most friendly to rookies.
There are more obvious nymphomaniacs on any private-eye series.
R. Sargent Shriver Jr., director of the corps, is certain that they can.
( Thornton ) where he had been driven by a companion.
That, he added, was when he was `` a very young man, a machinist and toolmaker by trade.
`` Farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale'', says Jack Martin, who sells J. I. Case tractors and implements in Sioux City, Iowa.
College teachers in Texas are not required to have the Education courses.
Ierulli, 29, has been practicing in Portland since November, 1959.
Though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business, farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas.
Dick McAuliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against Lefty Don Rudolph to open the Bear's attack.
Cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional'' since, he said, it would impair contracts.
Initially the White House reaction was that the bitter exchanges with Moscow over Cuba and the conflict in Laos had dampened prospects for a meeting.
Mazeroski, whose homer beat the Yankees in the final series game, will receive the Babe Ruth Award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series.
Privately, the liberals admitted that the Humphrey amendment had no chance of passage.
Charles A. Black, COAHR chairman, said Friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on Oct. 31 but had failed to show up.
Nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects.
Mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign.
The fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law.
The Bears took the lead in the first inning, as they did in Sunday's opener, and never lagged.
Irina Kolpakova, the Princess Aurora of Friday's performance, would be a change for the better anywhere, at any time, no matter who had had the role before.
and two sisters, Miss Minnie Kililngsworth and Mrs. Bessie Bloom, both of Gettysburg, Pa..
The bride's brother, Walter D. Monroe Jr., will give her in marriage.
The resignation of the Rev. Warren I. Densmore, headmaster of St. Stephen's Episcopal Day School in Coconut Grove, becomes effective July 15.
But to the families it serves, their help cannot be measured.
The New York franchise is headed by Mrs. Charles Shipman Payson.
Molly already has her cotillion gown, and it's fitted, says her mother.
The problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment.
Registrations of new cars in Dallas County cracked the 3,000 mark in March for the first time this year.
-- Paradise lost to the alleged water needs of Texas' big cities Thursday.
But the tardiness of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation.
`` Pretty much hamburger, hotdogs, steak and, at night, maybe pizza'', says the handsome food expert.
Under committee rules, it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week.
Sam Caldwell, State Highway Department public relations director, resigned Tuesday to work for Lt. Gov. Garland Byrd's campaign.
-- Two Americans and seven Cubans were executed by firing squads today as Castro military tribunals began decreeing the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators.
The Twins tied the score in the sixth inning when Reno Bertoia beat out a high chopper to third base and scored on Lenny Green's double to left.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Lewis Kaufnabb, for senior aides, and Mrs. Samuel P. Weinberg, for the bundles.
Pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water, striking below the waterline of individual ships.
The courts shared the opinion of the employers.
Mr. and Mrs. Stephen M. Kochanek reported the theft at their home on 41 Garden Hills Drive at about 6 last night.
-- Committee approval of Gov. Price Daniel's `` abandoned property'' act seemed certain Thursday despite the adamant protests of Texas bankers.
He added `` I think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field''.
This is the great edge the two Yankees have going for them.
The signature of Harold V. Varani, former director of architecture and engineering in the Department of Public Property, appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project.
Mrs. Roger Mead is head of the luncheon table decorations.
Frankie was fairly glutted with ideas, as he had hinted upon his arrival: `` It's really tremendous when you think Ella Fitzgerald is coming from Australia.
The reasons for this enchantment are numerous, but most of them end in `` ova'', `` eva'', or `` aya''.
The house passed finally, and sent to the Senate, a bill extending the State Health Department's authority to give planning assistance to cities.
`` Buster would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way''.
The pro-Western government, which the United States had helped in a revolt against the Souvanna Phouma `` neutralist'' government, never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the Royal Lao Army.
This is the year home runs ranged from the sublime to the ridiculous.
That imposing, somewhat austere, and seemingly remote collonaded building with the sphynxes perched on its threshold at 1733 16th St. nw. took on bustling life yesterday.
He has indicated that he plans new moves on Berlin before the year is out.
Mrs. Chase is the former Miss Mary Mullenax.
The religions of the people include Christianity, Mohammedanism, paganism, ancestor worship and animism.
It has a hull patterned on that of the United States navy's Nautilus, the world's first atomic submarine.
Survivors include his sister, Mrs. Emma B. Odom of Atlanta.
Nischwitz fanned six and walked only Charley Hinton in the third inning.
Mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2, may be addressed to the society, 1044 Chestnut Street, San Francisco 9.
But this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation.
For many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the Northwest.
With Skorich at the helm, the Eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running, rather than passing.
Mrs. Reese baked her cookies for only the third time in the Bake-off finals.
He explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of canvassers completes its work.
From the collection centers, toys will be taken to a warehouse at 198 Second street, where they will be repaired and made ready for distribution.
Miss Mary Ross of Baird was maid of honor, and bridesmaids were Miss Pat Dawson of Austin, Mrs. Howard M. Dean of Hinsdale, Ill., and Mrs. James A. Reeder of Shreveport, La..
He declared on March 25 that the United States had erred a year and a half ago by `` encouraging the removal'' of Prince Souvanna.
Comic Gary Morton signed to play the Living Room here Dec. 18, because that's the only time his heart, Lucille Ball, can come along.
The lawyer with whom I studied law steered me off the Socialist track.
It can only rebound to Mr. Hughes' discredit''.
Each member would get one post for each 10,000,000 people in its population up to 150,000,000 people or a maximum of fifteen posts.
But thus far there has been no response in kind.
In announcing Jorda's return, the orchestra also announced that the sale of single tickets for the 50th anniversary season will start at the Sherman Clay box office on Wednesday.
But Holmes was rejected again `` on the basis of his record and interview''.
Sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another Judge Smith ally, Georgia's Carl Vinson, chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
I can testify that motels, service and comfort stations ( they go together like Scots and heather ), dog wagons, roadside restaurants, souvenir stands and snake farms are braced and waiting.
But there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go, and whose advice it should follow.
Private business is more effective than government aid, he explained, because individuals are able to work with the people themselves.
News of Rayburn's commitment soon leaked out.
He played basketball there while working toward a law degree.
The higher price supports provided by the new legislation, together with rising prices for farm products, are pushing up farm income, making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery.
Police said the children's mother, Mrs. Eleanor Somerville, was visiting next door when the fire occurred.
Now 38, Mr. Simpkins was graduated from the University of Maryland's College of Agriculture in 1947.
Later, Shea owned and operated the Long Island Indians, a minor league professional football team.
The opening session of the 5-day session will begin at 10 a.m. today.
There has been more activity across the state line in Massachusetts than in Rhode Island in recent weeks toward enforcement of the Sunday sales laws.
Gladden's wife and two of his sons, John, 17, and Jim, 13, were inside the house.
There was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources.
He wanted to buy time to strengthen the U. S. and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy.
But, Hemphill added, bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint.
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action, and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do''.
Kennedy opposes any widespread relief from a High Court depletion ruling.
The idol of the hackers, of course, is Ray Ainsley, who achieved a 19 in the United States Open.
From the outset of his first term, he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the House of Delegates.
Harvey B. Stevens of Kenilworth will give his niece in marriage.
In the background lurked the feeling, however, that these pieces, beautiful as they were, lacked the utilitarian touch.
Patrolmen J. W. Slate and A. L. Crawford Jr. said they arrested Ronald M. Thomas, of 1671 Nakoma St., NW, after he assaulted the officers.
After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case, Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed, he would dismiss them.
The game players saw the Air Force film Monday, ran for 30 minutes, then went in, while the reserves scrimmaged for 45 minutes.
The announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the U. S. of both approval and disapproval.
Anderson operated three Havana automobile service stations and was commander of the Havana American Legion post before it disbanded since the start of Fidel Castro's regime.
The Augusta National Golf Club Course got up and bit both Player and Palmer.
But Mr. Kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting, provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it.
He suggested that a regrouping of forces might allow the average voter a better pull at the right lever for him on election day.
It will be the second time the assistant manager of a Coral Gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the twice-a-year ceremonies for families with new babies.
The jury said it did find that many of Georgia's registration and election laws `` are outmoded or inadequate and often ambiguous''.
Mrs. Grace Butcher, of nearby Chardon, a 27-year-old housewife who has two children, finished in 2.21.6.
`` I am not prepared to grant bail to any of them'', said the magistrate, K.J.P. Baraclough.
Mrs. Clayton Nairne, whose daughter, was among the court maids, chose a deep greenish blue lace gown.
Place kicking is largely a matter of timing, Moritz declared.
In addition to the tickets to the movies, sporting events and concerts, Mrs. Marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of sweets to replace the sugar in their system.
Then Kerr, a graduate student from Illinois, moved past him on a straightaway and held off Mills's challenge on the final turn.
The truth is, though, that men react differently to different treatment.
One was on a fourth-down screen pass from the Mustang 21 after an incomplete pass into Gannon's territory.
-- Farm machinery dealer Bob Houtz tilts back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales: `` We've sold four corn pickers since Labor Day and have good prospects for 10 more.
`` I bought my first dress from him when I was still a struggling young actress'', she reminisces.
Most of the fire was directed by Cotten against Dallas and Sen. Parkhouse.
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency''.
He is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project, unless it happens to benefit his Gulf Coast constituents.
`` We'll let him do a lot of running this week, but I don't know if he'll be able to play''.
As he signed his scorecard and walked off the course, Player was almost in tears.
So they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock, and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like Frito.
The question arose as to whether a frank discussion of that danger with the Soviet leader had not become urgent.
In 1959 President Eisenhower and Premier Khrushchev held an informal session in the U. S..
For the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the donations may be deposited between now and the date of the big event.
The trio who shared the most-valuable honors were introduced by Bob Broeg, sports editor of the Post-Dispatch.
Bill Mazeroski, the World Series hero of the Pittsburgh Pirates, and Casey Stengel, the former manager of the Yankees.
He asked members of the panel to tell him if anyone outside the court had spoken to them about the case.
`` You're wrong'', said Arnold, a man who knows the rules.
President Kennedy, in signing the relief measure into law, stressed he regarded it as an exception.
This has been a working session of an organization that, by its very nature, can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes.
More than 10 companies maintain facilities in Dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at Sherman.
The jury, which was locked up in a motel overnight, was canvassed at the request of Walker after the verdict was announced.
but, in Senator Gore's words, it was `` not a very encouraging'' situation that would confront John F. Kennedy on Inauguration Day.
`` Skip'' Hovarter back in town from a summer in the Reno-Lake Tahoe area where he ran into Rusty Warren, Kay Martin, the Marskmen and Tune Toppers -- all pulling good biz, he says.
He asked for another 10 million dollar `` initial'' appropriation for `` stimulatory grants'' to states to improve nursing homes.
Honors that have come to Greer Garson are countless.
Toys will not be collected at firehouses this year.
Each of the organization's ninety-nine members would get two professional posts, such as political affairs officer, a department head or an economist, to start.
Disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse.
However, it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus, and it's too hard on my legs.
The Laos government plea for help was made by Foreign Minister Tiao Sopsaisana.
In fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them.
Noise in communication channels is often modeled as a random process.
Many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the polls, and Williams got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election.
The party is to raise money for the Old Town Art center and to plant more crabapple trees along the streets of Old Town.
The 22-year-old southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did Hansen.
The outgoing members, whose four-year terms will expire a week after the April 18 primary election, received carved wooden elephants, complete with ivory tusks, to remember the state committee by.
As of Sunday night, there was no word of a resolution being offered there to rescind the action.
The contract called for overhauling of 102 joints.
Firm arrangements for the meeting in Vienna were worked out in a final exchange between Moscow and Washington last week.
His first shot in the Open last year landed in a brook that flowed along the right side of the fairway.
Mr. Kennedy told Moscow he would give his answer by May 20 after consultation with the Allies.
Then Japan, Hong Kong, Manila, India, Pakistan, Damascus, Beirut, and to Rome, London, and Paris `` to look over wonderful talent''.
This time, they were much better prepared and organized, and the political climate was favorable.
Mail orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the auspices of the San Francisco Chamber Music Society.
Now, the picture is clouded, and even US Sens. James O. Eastland and John C. Stennis, who remained loyal to the ticket, are uncertain of their status.
Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital.
However, the confession, which was the only evidence against him, was retracted before the trial.
Martin, who has been in office in Washington, D. C., for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the Multnomah Hotel.
It is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed.
Today's trend toward furniture designs from America's past is teaching home-owners and decorators a renewed respect for the shrewd cabinetmakers of our Colonial era.
He said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to underwrite the program is expected to be introduced Monday.
Sixty-seven living units are being added to the 165-unit Harbor View Apartments in the Cherry Hill section.
He kicked several while playing at Stamford High School, including one that beat Anson, 3-0, in a 1953 district game.
`` They can be going along, doing little damage, then bang, bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble''.
After pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard, I lifted the lines from the dust and found hitched to that plow the finest team I ever held a rein on.
And Lawrence Chase, son of the Ransom Chases, is listed at his new address in Oxford, Eng..
the drought-seared North Central states are the most notable exceptions to the uptrend.
Mr. and Mrs. George Treadwell will be honored at a Family Week supper and program at 6 p.m. Sunday at Trinity Methodist Church.
Mrs. Alice H. Reese, wife of an engineer and mother of a 23-year-old son, was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
In this historic square are several statues, but the one that stands out over the others is that of Gen. Andrew Jackson, hero of the Battle of New Orleans.
-- A Houston teacher, now serving in the Legislature, proposed Thursday a law reducing the time spent learning `` educational methods''.
In addition, Mr. and Mrs. Allan Goodman are controllers, Mrs. Paul Stone is treasurer and Mrs. Albert Quell is in charge of admittance for the dancing at 9 P.m..
The first time was in 1955 when a full-dress Big Four summit meeting produced the `` spirit of Geneva''.
Everywhere he went in town, people sidled up, gave him the guttural bit or broke into a frightening Tarzan yodel.
Her husband was lying on the kitchen floor, police said.
East Providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director, Raymond H. Hawksley, the present city CD head, believes.
Investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25, and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many.
Fifty-three of the 150 representatives immediately joined Grover as co-signers of the proposal.
He is Aldo Rostagno, son of the Guglielmo Rostagnos of Florence whom the Burkes met last year in Europe.
`` It is a British Austin, the smallest they make''.
Probably the hottest thing that has hit the Dallas investment community in years was the Morton Foods stock issue, which was sold to the public during the past week.
`` We won't know the full amount until we get a full report'', Wagner said.
`` Surveys show that one out of three Americans has vital contact with the church.
As Player began his second round in a twosome with amateur Bill Hyndman, his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a contender.
The army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point protocol agreeing on Gen. Gursel as president.
The jury asked Judge Cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and second-degree murder and manslaughter.
`` It's kind of like golf -- if you don't swing a club very often, your timing gets off''.
Attorney Dwight L. Schwab, in behalf of defendant Philip Weinstein, argued there is no evidence linking Weinstein to the conspiracy, but Judge Powell declared this is a matter for the jury to decide.
Hengesbach has been living in Grand Ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958.
The trial had packed the large courtroom for more than a week.
Among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states, two out of three report their sales since August 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier, with the increases ranging from 5% to 50%.
It listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as Opelika, Ala..
Houghton said 6 p.m. Friday had been set for a canvass of all 480 homes in the subdivision, which is located northeast of Dequindre and 14 Mile Road East.
Only two teams in each league ( the Yankees and Detroit, the Dodgers and Cincinnati ) are battling for first place.
The third amended the enabling act for creation of the Lamar county Hospital District, for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted.
A bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 St. Patty Day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program.
Miss Shirley Joan Meredith, a former student of North Texas State University, was married Saturday to Larry W. Mills, who has attended Arlington State College.
Buchheister told delegates to the West Coast Audubon Convention that aerial spraying in Louisiana failed to destroy its target, the fire ant.
`` But Arger never was able to produce it, so I cut him off my payroll''.
He said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required non-partisan ballot for posts on the charter commission.
Majority voting is the simplest form of error correction through repetition.
The Portland school board was asked Monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with Portland's civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack.
Yet with all their skills, the appeal of Mantle and Maris in 1961 comes down to one basic: The home run.
Mr. Parrillo was given first aid at Johnston Hose 1.
The spokesman said the number to be furloughed cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job.
I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation.
`` After inspiring this, I think we should certainly follow through on it'', he declared.
The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players.
Within view of the avenue are some of the United States government's tremendous buildings, plus shrines and monuments.
Debutante Miss Lady Helen Hardy will be feted at luncheon this Tuesday at which the hostess will be Mrs. Edwin Socola of Waveland, Miss..
They will live at 2705 Fitzhugh after a wedding trip to Corpus Christi.
She'll move to Gotham after years in Paris.
The jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations'' of two previous grand juries, the Atlanta Bar Association and an interim citizens committee.
He is, of course, a segregationist, but he says he has never made an `` anti-Negro'' speech.
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer, probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car, throw suitcases, kids and comic books in the back seat, and head for home.
The Junior Achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies, under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms.
Best Bet for Tonight: That darlin' dazzler from Paree, Genevieve, opening in the Empire room.
Members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites, each with its own private patio.
Benington recalled that he once told Hartweger that he doubted Gordon would ever play much for him because he seemed to be lacking in all of the accepted basketball skills.
Gannon contributed saving plays on the Falcons' aerial thrusts in the late stages.
As usual, he made no attempt to get in touch with Carmine G. De Sapio, the Manhattan leader.
It is the AID's intention to create in the library `` a miniature museum of Americana'' before completed refurbishing is unveiled early this fall.
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session, it will really throw his administration into a scramble.
They also will visit properties on which appeals have been made.
To their surprise, the children all were eager and quite able to take part.
The Court upheld the taxpayer's contention that these `` kickbacks'' were not his income though they passed through his hands.
Charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the I.R.S..
Returning to the school crossing, the officer was informed by the Sisk boy that he recognized the driver, a neighbor, and had obtained the license number.
Some viewed this attempt as evidence that Mr. Wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party.
The last couple of years the Bears management got the business from the `` Living Room Athletic Club'' when games were cut off.
The interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other.
It was the first in the series of `` Concerts for Young People by Young People'' to be sponsored by First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy at the White House.
They started on the 4th hole, a 220-yard par-3.
A big-league municipal stadium at Flushing Meadow Park is in the works, and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by Commissioner Ford C. Frick.
Mays' day came a day earlier for Willie than for the kids and Commies this year.
Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary'' miscount of the vote, in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another.
There is more decadence on `` 77 Sunset Strip''.
`` We can claim on the maximum amount of the bond'', Berger said.
If W. W.'s retiring soon, as hinted, he ain't talking -- yet.
`` La Dolce Vita'' has none of the senseless brutality or sadism of the average TV Western.
The corporation, in filing its final Federal income return, claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense, as permitted under U.S. tax law.
In Ruth's day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games.
Quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union.
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place.
Mrs. Molvar asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with Jack Lowe's program.
A substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month.
Over the weekend, Mrs. Self, personnel clerk, was a feted and honored guest of the Atlanta Club, organization of women employes at City Hall.
When I had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome, the gas people were happy to see me.
It provides for a series of landscaped walkways and a central esplanade that would eventually run through the center of the entire two-and-a-half-mile length of the project.
The spy ring also was particularly interested in ASDIC, the underwater equipment for detecting submarines, it was testified.
Mrs. Benington admired Gordon's spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team.
Because of the recent death of the bride's father, Frederick B. Hamm, the marriage of Miss Terry Hamm to John Bruce Parichy will be a small one at noon tomorrow in St. Bernadine's church, Forest Park.
Such academic statesmen as James B. Conant were consulted.
A measure passed by Congress just before adjourning softened the ruling's impact, on prior-year returns still under review, for clay-mining companies that make brick and tile products.
Merritt D. Hill, Ford Motor Co. vice president, says his company is starting to get calls daily from dealers demanding immediate delivery or wanting earlier shipping dates on orders for corn pickers.
`` The church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour''.
This `` family-community'' spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement.
The information, he said, would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy.
Judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired, `` You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this''??
`` He just lay back there and waited for it'', Meek said.
Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest, Judge James B. Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday.
-- The board of regents of Paris Junior College has named Dr. Clarence Charles Clark of Hays, Kan. as the school's new president.
It is something more than the arithmetical sum of individual totals of piety and detachment.
Rep. Berry, an ex-gambler from San Antonio, got elected on his advocacy of betting on the ponies.
Spahn not only is a superior pitcher but a gentlemanly fine fellow, a ball player's ball player, as they say in the trade.
Miss Eileen Grant is spending several weeks visiting in Florida.
One factor was the statement of Senator J. W. Fulbright ( D ) of Arkansas, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
-- Surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen, who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ).
`` They cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such grisly surprise attack.
It is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no R's, so no oysters.
At Jenks Street, Simms said, the car skidded completely around, just missed two parked cars, and sped east in Jenks.
`` Nelson played magnificent football'', Meek praised.
Wagner replied, `` Can't you just see the headline:' City Hooked for $172,000'''??
`` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client'', Bellows told the court.
The biggest single act would doubtless be staged by Frankie himself: his Inaugural wardrobe had been designed by Hollywood Couturier Don Loper, who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles.
Among stage performances was a starring role in `` Golden Arrow'' directed by Noel Coward.
Kings 4, have rated as a popular act in Vegas and Western nightclubs.
Chuck Hinton tripled to the rightfield corner, Cliff Cook and Dan Pavletich singled and Gaines' infield roller accounted for the tallies.
Mining is secretary-treasurer of the local and Shiflett is a member of its executive committee.
They have five daughters -- Coral Lee, 5, Glenda Rae, 4, Pamela, 3, Karen, 2, and Shari, five months.
I'm sure you've heard of him and his record,' The Confederacy'''.
They were both discouraged, disgusted and miserable.
`` As soon as it started to form, Gannon spotted it'', Meek said.
Hughes supported Gov. Meyner's `` Green Acres'' plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development.
The Newport-based destroyer picket escort Kretchmer has arrived back at Newport after three months' patrol in North Atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore.
The'49 team was off to a so-so 5-5 beginning, then fell as low as 12-17 on May 23 before finishing with 96 victories.
Hengesbach, who has been living on welfare recently, said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in Westphalia, 27 miles southwest of here.
He is a graduate of UCLA and Perkins School of Theology, Aj.
Now her modern tapestries have been exhibited on two continents and, at 26, she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in Los Angeles.
A plea of nolo contendere, followed by a nominal fine, after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license.
Since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract, it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on furlough, a B. & O. spokesman said.
Guests will wear costumes typical of the Chisholm Trail Days.
Thompson himself said: `` I want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures''.
Community esprit de corps has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible.
When he was unable to bring about immediate expansion, he sought to convince another National League club to move here.
Such `` depletion allowances'', in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets.
`` Where do you put the lighter fluid, ha, ha''??
Apart, however, from the question of wasteful duplication, there is another aspect of the `` family business'' spirit in American Catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny.
And he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about Communist but also about what he feels is the only antidote -- a Biblically strong Christianity.
For winning Larson will receive a $100 U.S. Savings Bond from the Junior Achievement national organization.
That meeting produced the `` spirit of Camp David'' -- a spirit, it later turned out, that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a Berlin settlement.
Kimmell ordered the driver to back up, watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed'', he said, narrowly missing him.
( Leave off the ham and you call it Chicken Pontiac, says Ramsey.
The board's last money raising event was a performance by Harry Belafonte -- `` quite off-beat for this group'', decided some of the members.
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew S. Kelsey of Washington, D.C., announce the birth of a daughter, Kira Ann Kelsey, on Monday in Washington, D.C..
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Chase and Mr. and Mrs. Guy Mullenax of Kittredge.
division five, by the Air Force followed by 11 states.
The March gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter.
`` We're getting more' pro' letters than' con' on horse race betting'', said Ratcliff.
Miss Bouton headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the Gallery had closed at 5 p.m..
The Revenue Service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the Federal manufacturers' excise tax on household-type appliances.
$15,000 to pay six policemen assigned as dog catchers and $15,000 to investigate dog bites.
`` Dallas and Fort Worth can vote bonds.
The man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank.
Incidentally, 14th Street and the Expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours.
He was taken to University Hospital in a municipal ambulance.
-- Nick Skorich, the line coach for the football champion Philadelphia Eagles, was elevated today to head coach.
The youngsters sell stock, produce and sell a product, pay taxes, and show a profit or loss just like full-scale businesses.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marella announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Mary Ann Marella, to Mr. Robert L. Orcutt, son of Mr. and Mrs. Donald R. Orcutt, of Drexel Hill.
But with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training, the need for `` outsiders'' becomes more pressing.
Garden Fresh, the result of a mating of Better Self and Rosy Fingered, seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the St. Patrick's Day Purse with some speed in reserve.
The judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations -- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer.
A man does not make that kind of gamble if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the `` family''.
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year.
And where is `` home'', that magic place of the heart??
`` When I was a kid'', Maris told a sportswriter last week, `` I used to follow Williams every day in the box score, just to see whether he got a hit or not''.
The guest assignments are scheduled for November 14 and 18, with the Orchestra Sinfonica Siciliana in Palermo and the Orchestra of Radio Cologne.
The ball went off in a majestic arc, an out-of-bounds slice.
The Rev. Melvin Carter officiated at the ceremony in Slaughter Chapel of the First Baptist Church.
I'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them''.
and heavy engineering at $9,841,000, down 45 per cent.
Vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the Legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then Gov. Marvin Griffin.
In that event, they note, the Revenue Service might declare the pension plan is discriminatory and deny it tax privileges under the law.
Listed as newly wed in the Pasadena section of the new book are Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Moody Haskins 3.
Named by Mayor Wagner three years ago to head a committee that included James A. Farley, Bernard Gimbel and Clint Blume, Shea worked relentlessly.
Jay Porter drew a base on balls to fill the bases but Don Wert's smash was knocked down by Rudolph for the putout.
While this is baking, saute mushrooms, fresh or canned, in butter.
The Wagner Act, the Taft-Hartley Act and the Landrum-Griffin Act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining.
Palmer, golf's leading money-winner in 1960, and Snead will be saluted as the winning team in the Canada Cup matches last June in Dublin.
The election will be Dec. 4 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m..
The Cen-Tennial Gin Supply Co. has home offices and factory facilities here.
He bogeyed the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a 2-over-par 74 and a 72-hole total of 280.
Incidentally, only two did it before a home audience.
Two committees pondered 375 possible Kimpton successors, including Adlai Stevenson, Richard Nixon, and Harvard's Dean McGeorge Bundy.
Almost any information about the Dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the American underwater fleet.
Human labor was exactly that -- a commodity -- in eighteenth- and nineteenth-century America.
-- I bought 50 shares of Diversified Growth Stock Fund on Oct. 23, 1959, and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on Feb. 8, 1960.
If tests are to be resumed, the argument went, it is vital that the U. S. make plain that the onus belongs to the Soviet Union.
The magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in American and British currency, mostly $20 bills, and in British government bonds and stocks.
-- Acting hastily under White House pressure, the Senate tonight confirmed Robert C. Weaver as the nation's federal housing chief.
The campaign leading to the election was not so quiet, however.
He is married to the former Audrey Knecht and has a daughter, Karol, 13.
But though Kimpton put Chicago in what he felt was working order, some old grads feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the heady Hutchins era.
( American League expansion created, inevitably, weaker teams.
The petitions will be presented in open court to President Judge William F. Dannehower, Davenport said.
A dour, gangling man with a choppy gait, Colmer looks younger than his 70 years, has gradually swung from a moderate, internationalist position to that of a diehard conservative.
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
In Vientiane, the royal Laotian government decided today to ask its `` friends and neighbors'' for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast Asian kingdom.
A 14-power conference on Laos should then meet on May 5, he said.
Beaverton School District No. 48 board members examined blueprints and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a Monday night workshop session.
The minimum distance of a code must exceed twice the number of correctable errors.
Atty. Gen. J. Joseph Nugent appeared for the state.
`` Failure to do this will continue to place a disproportionate burden'' on Fulton taxpayers.
Hopefully, the perennial battle of Rule 22 then would be fought to a settlement once and for all.
These would be paid for out of general, not payroll, taxes.
He said that when he was a Socialist in 1910, the party called for government operation of all utilities and the pooling of all resources.
Both are 6 feet tall and weigh between 195 and 200 pounds, but Mantle, incredibly muscular ( he has a 17-1/2-inch neck ), looks bigger.
Local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life.
`` Do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract''??
This atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the `` colonialist'' powers and those who have never, or not for a long time, had such problems.
But he did recommend that President Kennedy state clearly that if Communist countries shipped any further arms to Cuba that it would not be tolerated.
Barnett, who came into office with no previous experience in public administration, has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well.
Reed-Solomon codes operate over Galois fields and correct burst errors efficiently.
Miss Abra Prentice's debut supper dance in the Casino will wind up the day.
Gains of 2-3/4 were posted for Teleprompter and Republic Foil.
Again and again it asked the Communists to `` freeze'' the military situation in Laos.
The jury foreman, Mrs. Olive Heideman, of rural Elsie, said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of deliberation was spent in going over the evidence.
The present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to 1834.
But there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject.
The COAHR letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here Sunday.
Make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an inverted `` L'', the foot of the `` L'' about three inches long, so that the puppet can hang directly under the light.
Like Philadelphia's late Dr. Albert C. Barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( Time, Jan. 2 ), Thompson, at 61, is something of a legend in his own lifetime.
Viewing the American Catholic educational achievement in retrospect, we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university.
`` Even on the basis of 154 games, this is the ideal situation'', insists Hank Greenberg, now vice-president of the Chicago White Sox.
Pohl received the verdict without visible emotion.
And third, the potato chip industry has taken on the flavor of a `` growth'' industry in the public mind of late.
However, one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational.
`` This team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future'', Benington pointed out.
`` I was an art major in college'', Miss Baldrige explained.
Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first.
About half of all Peace Corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups, according to an official of the corps.
The younger boy said the blast knocked him out of bed and against the wall.
The jail sentence is to begin the day after Sarkees graduates from Eastern High School in June.
Ordinary Carey Williams, armed with a pistol, stood by at the polls to insure order.
It recommended that Fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them''.
I am getting dividends on only 50 shares.
pianists Leon Fleisher, Ruth Slenczynka and Stephen Bishop and conductor Earl Bernard Murray.
In another four weeks, with schools closed across the nation, the great all-American summer safari will be under way.
He said, `` You can see signs of the Republicans' feeble attack on the Meyner administration.
The women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition.
Tooling through Sydney on his way to race in the New Zealand Grand Prix, Britain's balding Ace Driver Stirling Moss, 31, all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of self-crimination.
Exhibition ballroom dancers from the studio of Helen Wick Walters of Hillsboro won the all-county talent contest.
These included Oregon State Fair, for which he had been booked on and off, for 30 years.
For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase, from 30 to 50 millions, in matching grants for building research facilities.
Mitchell said the closeness of the outcome in last fall's Presidential election did not mean that Eisenhower Republicanism was a dead issue.
Even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time, no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future.
The present crop of small cars is enriching American humor.
Rep. Charles E. Hughes of Sherman, sponsor of the bill, said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks, insurance and pipeline companies''.
Their activities will be climaxed in the spring of 1962 when they go to Europe.
She now serves on the board of directors of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra and the Dallas Theater Center and on the board of trustees of the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts.
The Court limited its decision to the tax issue involved, commenting: `` It is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction''.
-- and His exaltation to the right hand of God.
Gulf's holdings could have been converted into 2,700,877 shares of Union Oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash, according to Union.
He said evidence was obtained `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens''.
Incumbent Richard Salter seeks re-election and is opposed by Donald Huffman for the five-year term.
The state Public Works Department is accused of having spent $8,555 to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property.
The early Southwest Conference football leaders -- Texas, Arkansas and Texas A & M -- made a big dent in the statistics last week.
The stock was sold in the underwriting at a price of $12.50 a share.
About 1500 delegates are expected to register today for the biennial session of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States.
To bring warmth to the dining area, golden orange tones are used in the fabrics.
A wreath will be placed at the tomb of George Washington, one of this Nation's first Masons -- a past master of Washington-Alexandria Lodge 22 in Alexandria.
His political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923.
The odds favor a special session, more than likely early in the year.
-- A Texas halfback who doesn't even know the team's plays, Eldon Moritz, ranks fourth in Southwest Conference scoring after three games.
The jotted Lyon: This mad world dept.: Khrush and the Kremlin crowd are confident all right.
With a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back.
Students have been using electric computers and high speed movie cameras during the study.
Karns said that the cases involved a matter `` of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence'' of the 50 persons.
Her veil was caught to a crown, and she carried gardenias and stephanotis.
`` I kicked about 110 extra points in 135 tries during three years in high school'', he said, `` and made 26 in a row at one time.
The cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system, which turns out a complete ginning system, began operations in 1959.
Maryland contracts for future construction during October totaled $77,389,000, up to 10 per cent compared to October, 1960, F. W. Dodge, Dodge Corporation, reported.
`` This is Russian money'', said Mervin Griffith-Jones for the attorney general's office.
Pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats, the shrinking strike zone, and the fact that the knock-down pitch is now illegal.
Also included in the entourage: a dog in a black sweater, Frankie and Peter had an urgent mission: to stage a mammoth Inauguration Eve entertainment gala in the capital's National Guard Armory.
There are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the Catholic university.
Mrs. Thomas Jordan selected a black taffeta frock made with a skirt of fringed tiers and worn with crimson silk slippers.
He asserted that the Krogers were the bankers for Moscow, Lonsdale the Red paymaster, and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country's secrets.
`` Big business, this little Thrift Shop business'', say the members.
`` In 35 years we have opened 7,000 churches'', the Rev. Mr. Brandt said, adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons.
The Bears added their last run in the sixth on Alusik's double and outfield flies by Porter and Wert.
A high-legged buffet provides easy-to-reach serving, a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end, recessed arched panels decorate a 60-inch long chest.
There is little optimism here that the Communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in Laos.
If the Cardinals heed Manager Gene Mauch of the Phillies, they won't be misled by the Pirates' slower start this season.
Second, the `` potato chip industry'' has caught the fancy of investors lately, and until Morton Foods came along there were only two potato chip stocks -- Frito and H. W. Lay -- on the market.
There is a conflict among the defendants''.
He birdied the 13th, the 15th and the 18th -- five birdies, one bogey and 12 pars for a 68.
The industry is so structured that price-setting by a multi-product company will vary with the way overhead charges are allocated -- whether marginal or average pricing is applied.
The Hughes company and the Consolidated Industries, Inc., both of 3646 N. 2d St., filed for reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy law.
The Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform.
A similar resolution passed in the Senate by a vote of 29-5.
A flow of correspondence between Pfohl and Miss Baldrige resulted in an invitation to the 85-student North Carolina group to play the first concert.
Moreover, he said, many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs.
Those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by `` busy-work'' and ersatz decision making.
That made up for the `` best'' motel in Norman, Okla., where the proprietor knocked $2 off the $8.50 tab when we found ants in the pressed-paper furniture.
At 12,000 feet, Fiedler signaled `` release'', and started the roaring pulse-jet engine -- then streaked away from beneath the Heinkel.
There are about 3,325 officers and employees in this class.
`` I know when my reflexes are gone and I'm not going to be any 25th man on the ball club''.
He attacked one of the officers and was restrained.
The pert, gray-haired woman who came to Denver three years ago from Buffalo, N.Y., is a `` civilian'' with the Army.
The bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state.
Innumerable motels from Tucson to New York boast swimming pools ( `` swim at your own risk'' is the hospitable sign poised at the brink of most pools ).
A special presentation was made to Mrs. Geraldine Thompson of Red Bank, who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee.
D. D. will pop up with U-I Chief Milt Rackmil at the Carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors.
The tract is bounded by Island Ave., Dicks Ave., 61st St., and Eastwick Ave..
After the coach listed all the boy's faults, Hartweger said, `` Coach before I leave here, you'll get to like me''.
Bill Veeck's health is back to the dynamo stage, but his medics insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball swim.
Advance publicity on the Los Angeles Blue Book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the New York Social Register which made news last week.
Of the two cherished achievements the elderly Spahn's hitless pitching probably reached the most hearts.
Of 1,253 issues traded, 695 advanced and 354 declined.
Latter domain, under the guidance of Chef Tom Yokel, will specialize in steaks, chops, chicken and prime beef as well as Tom's favorite dish, stuffed shrimp.
For 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the Rules Committee.
we need 100 in Rhode Island, we have none'', he said.
`` Usually at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he relearns to mingle with his fellow men'', Mrs. Marr explained.
The younger Thomas ripped a screen door, breaking the latch, and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock, scratching his face.
We must be ready for any needed sacrifice''.
`` Housed in the new McCormick Place theater, this should prove to be an exciting evening'', adds Mrs. Sims.
We sold only four pickers all last year''.
The workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the Library and Fine Arts Building.
`` Her basic hull form ( a teardrop ) and her nuclear power plant will be used for almost all new submarines, including the potent Polaris missile submarines'', the statement went on.
What most people don't seem to realize, if they aren't tied up with the thing as I am, is that 90% of the problem is transportation.
Friday night the delegates heard the need for their forthcoming program, `` Breakthrough'' scheduled to fill the churches for the next two years.
At Caltech, Geneticist Beadle has stuck close to his research as head of the school's famous biology division since 1946.
Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines.
`` We'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other''.
`` Here are two old men, mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone'', said a House Democratic leader.
Joint source-channel coding optimizes compression and error protection simultaneously.
Pitcher Steve Barber joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the Army's accelerated wintertime military course, also at Fort Knox, Ky..
He indicated that requests would be made for more U.S. arms and more U.S. military advisers.
The property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on 8,293 square feet of land.
The Brevard group of 85 arrived at the Gallery at 6 p.m., remaining for about 45 minutes.
For nearly a year, they have been receiving counseling, separately and together, in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce.
Mr. Giorgio had started to turn left off Greenville Avenue onto Cherry Hill Road when his car was struck by the Pezza car, police said.
Eighteenth-century England, upon whose customs our common law was built, had outlawed unions as monopolies and conspiracies.
Unfortunately, Brooks's teammates were not in such festive mood as the Orioles expired before the seven-hit pitching of three Kansas City rookie hurlers.
`` No'', I said, `` I didn't happen to grow up in Illinois''.
They say that when they take a car, Gloriana doesn't take her car, but rides with them.
Each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year.
The `` pocket-size'' company set records with $2,170 in sales of its products, a selection of barbecue spices, and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment.
Their view is that last-minute changes the Mayor is proposing to make in the Democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as Mayor.
The three -- Miles J. Cooperman, Sheldon Teller, and Richard Austin -- and eight other defendants are charged in six indictments with conspiracy to violate federal narcotic laws.
They can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether Republicans, if they had been in power, would have made `` amateurish and monumental blunders'' in Cuba.
The proposal would have to receive final legislative approval, by two-thirds majorities, before March 1 to be printed on the April 4 ballot, Roberts said.
`` I told him who I was and he was quite cold.
They would still be paid by the patient.
Judge John B. Molinari was named chairman of the executive committee.
Mantle, more concerned with dress, buys his suits four at a time at Neiman-Marcus in Dallas and pays as much as $250 each.
Also winning blue ribbons were Bob Day of Beaverton, Tony Traxel of Beaverton and Steve Hutchins of Banks.
Britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the American government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with Britain that had been imposed after Fuchs blabbed.
The award, without interest, compared with a valuation of $57,500 placed on the property by the property owners' real estate expert, and a valuation of $52,500 placed on it by the state's expert.
`` From its beginning'', the trustees' statement said Friday, `` Emory University has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in Christian higher learning.
On the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament.
The spirit served chiefly to lull the West while Moscow made inroads into the Middle East.
-- The three leaders of Laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the war-ridden kingdom.
Rhode Island is going to examine its Sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind.
Georgia's Department of Agriculture is intensifying its fire ant eradication program in an effort to stay ahead of the fast-spreading pest.
Moving past the presidential viewing stand and Lafayette Square will be at least 40 marching units.
Graham will be recognized for his meritorious service to baseball and will get the William J. Slocum Memorial Award.
Huff, who received a salary of $109 a week from the loan association from October of 1955 until September of this year, said that his private practice was not lucrative.
The council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the Bible.
Why the discrepancy between the builders' forecasts for themselves and for the industry??
Tonight at 8 o'clock the Cardinals, who gave the Pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960, breaking even with them, will get their first 1961 shot at baseball's world champions.
The motorist later was identified as Richard Sarkees, 17, of 2433 McClellan, currently on probation and under court order not to drive.
Even Norway, despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this northernmost capital of the alliance, is today closer to the NATO line.
A young real estate salesman, Kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by Communism when in the Navy Air Force.
He said he favors wage increases for workers -- `` but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze'' -- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices, he added.
I never did miss one in a playoff game -- I kicked about 20 in the five playoff games my last two years''.
With the machinery went a complete design for the hull.
( `` One of the reasons they get along fine'', says a sportswriter who is friendly with the two men, `` is that both realize Mantle is head-and-shoulders above Maris''.
The presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the League at Olney Hall, College of Marin, Kentfield.
The monthly cost of ADC to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is 4.4 million dollars, said C. Virgil Martin, president of Carson Pirie Scott & Co., committee chairman.
Canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the Oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the NATO locomotive.
Various of the apartments are of the terrace type, being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct.
The council revised, in an effort to strengthen, the denomination's 16 basic beliefs adopted in 1966.
Romantic news concerns Mrs. Joan Monroe Armour and F. Lee H. Wendell, who are to be married at 4:30 p.m. tomorrow in the Lake Forest home of her brother, J. Hampton Monroe, and Mrs. Monroe.
The mayor's present term of office expires Jan. 1.
`` Just when you think you have it licked, this golf course can get up and bite you'', Player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament.
Britain's plans to press Russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in London by Foreign Secretary Lord Home.
The city paid for work on 75, of which no more than 21 were repaired, Hemphill charged.
And that is just what happened on the last few holes.
There are motels for all purposes and all tastes.
And it turned out to be more of a family affair than expected.
`` What this amounts to, if true, is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case.
Competent teachers are well versed in the technique of leading students to pre-set conclusions without destroying the students' illusion that they are making their own decisions.
Under the circumstances, the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted.
Kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of Communism, but never felt there was anything he, as an individual, could do about it.
After television, `` La Dolce Vita'' seems as harmless as a Gray Line tour of North Beach at night.
Among those with reservations are Messrs. and Mmes. William A. Thompson, Van Cott Niven, A. B. Cox, David Bricker, Samuel Perry and Robert D. Stetson.
They indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected `` within 60 days''.
The younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the shootings and had driven away in their mother's car.
Although federal and city narcotic agents sometimes worked together, Sokol continued, rivalries developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals''.
A preview party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for April 8.
The Communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year, according to Western estimates.
When I drove a car with tail fins, I had plenty status at the wind-and-water oases.
Jones said he regretted Hughes had made a personal attack on a past president.
The job also covers a number of other items.
`` After the primary'', he promised, `` I'll be explicit on where I stand to bring you a strong, dynamic administration.
When they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car.
Fair Dealer Humphrey upped the ante, asked cloture power for a mere majority of Senators.
The only current event they're staging is the big show at the Stadium Nov. 25, when Danny will entertain thousands of underprivileged kids.
But as I have said before, if I announce my candidacy, I will have something definite to say about running mates''.
Put them all together and they spell out the only four-letter word I can think of: dull.
Treasury Secretary Douglas Dillon said the economy is expected to advance by a whopping 8% next year, paving the way for lower taxes.
The administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy, since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program.
In trying to hit it out with a sand wedge Palmer bounced the ball over the green, past spectators and down the slope toward a TV tower.
The first incident occurred before the trial got under way when Judge H. Hobart Grooms told the jury panel he had heard reports of jury-tampering efforts.
The north-bound entrance to the Expressway at 14th Street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week.
He remained there for four years before moving to Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, N. Y..
So in the name of justice the magistrate cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour.
Handsome bachelor Charley was a favorite date of many of Hollywood's glamor gals for years.
The suite has been in the same family since the early 1800's.
-- Stock market Tuesday staged a technical recovery, erasing all of Monday's losses in the Associated Press average and making the largest gain in about two weeks.
`` All we have left in the world is one another, and we must stay together the way Mother wanted'', Kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon.
There is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world.
-- Washington County's 36th annual fair will close Saturday evening with 4-H and FFA awards program at 7, public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30.
Federal prosecutors estimated that the amount may total $20,000, altho a spokesman for the association estimated its loss at approximately $10,000.
Forward error correction eliminates the need for retransmission in one-way channels.
Then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union.
Commerce Department officials were inclined to explain the April sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in March.
Parents of the couple are Ray Meredith of Denton and the late Mrs. Meredith and Mrs. Hardy P. Mills of Floresville and the late Mr. Mills.
But it seems that this `` electronic brain'' wasn't `` programmed'' correctly.
However, the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration''.
Producer Fellini should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties!!
On display were 343 first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection -- and every single one of them was up for sale.
It could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year.
Stengel inherited DiMaggio, Rizzuto, but he brought up Mantle from Class C to the majors, from Joplin to New York.
Last week the board, by a 4 to 3 vote, decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system.
The railroad president made the statement in an interview as the Interstate Commerce Commission opened Round 2 of its hearing into the C & O's request to control and then merge with the B & Aj.
The Birds got five hits and all three of their runs off Kunkel before Hartman took over in the top of the fourth.
Back in college, today's handsome Gander was the only male member of a Texas Tech class on food.
It would be financed by boosting the social security payroll tax by as much as $37 a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes.
This year, I am told, the CBS network will continue to abide by the rule but NBC will play to a conclusion here.
Fire Fighters Local 798, which is sponsoring the toy program for the 12th straight year, issued a call for San Franciscans to turn in discarded toys, which will be repaired by off-duty firemen.
It gets so frustrating, but then again I don't know what I could do if I gave up racing''.
Sandman said: `` The announcement that Sen. Clifford Case Aj, has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for Mr. Mitchell is a dead giveaway.
The city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract.
Their entry will crack the total segregation of all public education, from kindergarten through graduate school, in Georgia -- and in Alabama, Mississippi and South Carolina as well.
The firm began operations back in 1925 and sells equipment in the central cotton belt, including the Mississippi Delta.
The Soviet Union and other members of the Communist bloc are rapidly expanding their economic, technical and military assistance to the uncommitted nations.
-- American Stock Exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading dwindled.
She put the violin away and took out some linen, needles and yarn to while away the long, idle days in Budapest.
The Denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center.
A constant problem confronting Davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to economize.
Mrs. Hamm will not come from Vero Beach, Fla., for the wedding.
He told some 350 persons that the United States' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways, following their own paths.
`` We always like to keep the ball as much as we can against Denver because they have such an explosive attack'', explained Stram.
An adverse vote of 81 to 65 kept in the State Affairs Committee a bill which would order the referendum on the April 4 ballot, when Texas votes on a U.S. senator.
He expressed the opinion the city could hire a CD director for about $3,500 a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to defray the salary costs.
-- New York Central Railroad president Alfred E. Perlman said Tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the Chesapeake & Ohio and Baltimore & Ohio Railroads merge.
Mrs. John Charles Cotty is chairman of publicity for the country fair and Mrs. Francis G. Felske and Mrs. Francis Smythe, of posters.
The administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a grant-in-aid program.
President Kennedy's invitation to the Spanish-born master said, `` We feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests''.
`` Surprised and pleased'', Students Holmes and Hunter may enter the University of Georgia this week.
At least two private colleges in the Atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies, but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state.
Mr. Sorrentino will be honored on the evening of Dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the Aurora Club at the Sheraton-Biltmore Hotel.
Natural language has redundancy that allows humans to understand corrupted speech.
Price support loans may total another $1 billion this year.
`` Le Theatre D'Art Du Ballet'', of Monte Carlo, will present a program of four ballets including `` Francesca Da Rimini''.
Lemon was on with his fourth single of the game, a liner to center.
The new formula for filling staff positions in the Secretariat is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report.
She sees that there is a cup of steaming hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures.
This coming weekend they have reserved the entire Stagecoach Inn and adjoining country club, Saledo, for festivities.
These voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy, the object of which is to plunder them''.
This group pleads with the administration to `` give no further support for the invasion of Cuba by exile groups''.
Mr. Wendell and his bride will live in his Lake Forest house.
It has been billed as a towering monument to immorality.
Four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the Green Bay Packers.
It also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories.
Dr. and Mrs. N. Volney Ludwick have had as guests Mr. and Mrs. John J. Evans, Jr., of `` Kimbolton House'', Rockhall, Md..
William keeps up with our town's doings daily, via the Tribune, and he tells me he never misses the Ticker.
Keegan, a 6-foot-3-inch 158-pounder, gave up the Orioles' last two safeties over the final three frames, escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the Birds threatened but failed to tally.
The firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton, driers, and heaters, and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil extraction equipment.
Gorgeous Doris Day and her producer-hubby, Marty Melcher, drive in today from a motor tour thru New England.
Cotten construed this as a veiled effort by Parkhouse to help Dallas and other large cities get money which Cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural Texas.
He suggested that without the Socialist Party ever gaining a national victory, most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties.
Last October he gave a public speech in Washington, D.C. entitled `` Are Women Here To Stay''??
He said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present, but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes.
The Laos government said four major Pathet Lao rebel attacks had been launched, heavily supported by troops from Communist North Viet Nam.
When this and other units combined to form the present group, it was taken on as a continuing fund-raiser.
The other bedroom has heavier styling, door-fronted dressers with acacia panels, a poster bed or a bed with arched acacia panels and matching mirror.
A 208-pound, 6-foot 1-inch senior from Stamford, Moritz practices nothing but place-kicking.
There will be a pilgrimage to Mount Vernon at 2:30 p.m..
Twelve projects proposed by private groups are at the contract-negotiation stage, Gordon Boyce, director of relations with the voluntary agencies, said in a Washington interview.
NBC plans a new series of three long programs exploring America's scientific plans titled `` Threshold'', to start in the fall.
He really crucified him he nailed it for a yard loss''.
-- Arranging for ministerial graduates to spend from 6-12 months as apprentices in well-established churches.
Called Perennian, to indicate its lasting, good today and tomorrow quality, the collection truly avoids the monotony of identical pieces.
He could tell the Legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle.
`` Everything went real smooth'', the sheriff said.
The broadcast said Anderson, a Seattle ex-marine and Havana businessman, and McNair, of Miami, were condemned on charges of smuggling arms to Cuban rebels.
Barnard, who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and hit-run charges, was fined $500 by Judge Warren K. Hess, and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time.
Pelham pointed out that Georgia voters last November rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future Legislature sessions.
They have a son, William Berry Jr., and a daughter, Mrs. J. M. Cheshire of Griffin.
The arrest of Mr. Parker marks the third charge of wrongdoing involving the jury that heard the case.
Any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations imprudently to profit themselves.
She will entertain at a Vieux Carre restaurant at 1 o'clock in the early afternoon.
The resolution urges the governor to have a complete study of the Sunday sales laws made with an eye to their revision at the next session of the legislature.
He was called upon 26 times -- more than all of the other ball-carriers combined -- and delivered 145 yards.
Bake slowly about one hour at 250-275 F. until lightly brown.
The thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the Gallery's rotunda fountain `` because it's on the second floor''.
There will be a large drawing of a sunbonnet girl with eyes that flash at the guests.
Grandparents are Mr. and Mrs. R.L. Rickenbaugh and Mr. and Mrs. E.O. Kelsey of Scarsdale, N.Y..
When 51st Street was reached, Robinson related, he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the CTA supervisor.
Asked to elaborate, Pierre Salinger, White House press secretary, replied, `` I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts''.
`` He'll be out of action all this week.
`` We must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon ADC for subsistence'', Martin said.
Palmer's 281 for the four rounds at Augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro, but it was barely good enough for a second-place tie with Coe.
Last night the Mayor visited Mr. Buckley at the Bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation.
Indeed, the administration's curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat.
Squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the rocket's automatic guidance mechanism, the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude.
Mrs. A. Voorhees Anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home, on Monday.
Mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the Alexander Smith carpet in all wool loop pile.
And the election of President Kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state.
The senate quickly whipped through its meager fare of House bills approved by committees, passing the three on the calendar.
Actually Johnny is a glib, garrulous guy, with a rare sense of humor.
In the Blue Ridge meeting, the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters.
After Thursday's open date, Solly plans to open with Larry Jackson against the Cubs here Friday night.
they noticed Roman buildings in the background of Raphael's `` Alba Madonna'' and `` texture'' in a Monet painting of Rheims Cathedral.
But he insisted that it be housed in a special museum.
Robinson was treated at a physician's office for a cut over his left eyebrow and a possible sprained knee.
The power was off for about five minutes in houses along Smith Street as far away as Fruit Hill Avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred.
The victims were H. Malone Dresbach, 47, and his wife, Shirley, 46.
Brig. Gen. and Mrs. Robert F. McDermott will entertain at a black tie dinner Wednesday, May 3, in the Officers' Club at the Air Force Academy.
This was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders polled by the National Housing Center.
There was even a cable in French from a bank in Switzerland that had somehow learned about the Dallas stock offering.
He pointed out to the young musicians that the National Gallery `` is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director, Richard Bales.
The heightened tension, in fact, had been a major factor in the President's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the Soviet leader.
The award is the first such honor in the 11-year history of JA activities in Portland, according to Ralph Scolatti, local executive director for Junior Achievement.
Besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at Philmont Country Club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party.
He owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928, and later became Northwest district manager for Macwhyte Co..
The corporation was formed by the Reynolds Metal Co. and the Samuel A. and Henry A. Berger firm, a Philadelphia builder, for work in the project.
Mr. Brett, born in Brooklyn, N.Y., Dec. 15, 1886, came to Portland in 1920.
Requests for substantiation, the Service indicated, can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return, such as tickets to a show.
Oxnard, Calif., will be the home of the Rev. Robert D. Howard and his bride, the former Miss Judith Ellen Gay, who were married Saturday at the Munger Place Methodist Church.
`` I was hitting the ball well'', Player said later, `` and I felt strong.
Her mother is the former Miss Stella Hayward.
But Palmer knew, as did everybody else at Augusta, that his streak was about to be broken.
The association said it would post 24 hour guards at Gladden's home and at those of James Mining and Eugene Shiflett.
It would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot.
To better Ruth's mark, neither needs a spectacular September flourish.
Kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last Saturday.
He said he had never talked to Liston''.
The West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman Bill Hollowell of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb. 22.
His sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases and juvenile arrests have more than doubled since 1948, each year showing an increase in offenders.
Hardwicke-Etter Co. of Sherman makes a full line of gin machinery and equipment.
Louise Franklin cornering the gift shop market in Lauderdale.
She has to have at least one car herself.
That's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries.
Mr. Nixon, for his part, would oppose intervention in Cuba without specific provocation.
Trooper J. A. Grzesiak spotted the wanted car, with three boys, at a Route 2 service station, just outside Annapolis.
Galois fields provide the algebraic structure needed for Reed-Solomon encoding.
The infield was well flooded but the expanded outfield was much too dark.
Dr. Hester, of Princeton, N.J., is a native of Chester, Pa. He joined NYU in September, 1960.
`` Nae, man'', said Willie, `` ye must be countin' the echoes''.
Karns' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases.
`` Our interior line and out linebackers played exceptionally well'', said Stram Monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game.
The continued operation of this program depends on having his service''.
Millie Jansen, high school senior from Verboort, had the championship dollar dinner, and Jody Jaross of Hillsboro also won a blue ribbon.
Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at Bimini set to open some time this month, according to Hank Johnson.
Tom Day of Beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-H market hog, a Chester White.
Possible upshots: The company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments, or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made.
The Chicago Press club will fete George E. Barnes, president of the United States Lawn Tennis association, at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at 5:30 p.m. tomorrow.
The Murray Co. of Texas, Inc., originated in Dallas in 1896.
Apart from the personal equation, another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the U.S. appeared to have been dragged reluctantly to the summit.
House Speaker Sam Rayburn ( D., Tex. ) called the Kennedy program `` a mighty fine thing'', but made no prediction on its fate in the House.
When the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race, it voted no -- and there were no dissents.
It weighs in the tons, so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year.
Skorich, who is 39 years old, played football at Cincinnati University and then had a three-year professional career as a lineman under Jock Sutherland with the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Mrs. Lenygon's committee associates, announced formally yesterday by the AID in New York, include Mrs. Allen Lehman McCluskey and Stephen J. Jussel, both wellknown Manhattan decorators.
I'll never forget one time I struck out three times, dropped a fly ball, and we lost the game.
Honor attendants for the couple were Miss Sandra Branum and Warren V. McRoberts.
Mrs. Lola M. Harris, a native of Atlanta, died Sunday at her home in Garland, Tex..
A note making the request was handed to U.S. Ambassador Winthrop G. Brown.
But we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later''.
And there she had her first showing of tapestry work.
Then Robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners.
At that time, the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand.
The letters set a Nov. 15 deadline for the start of negotiations.
Maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected.
He said the assailant, who was armed with a automatic, entered the taxi at Pennsylvania Avenue and Gold Street.
) The court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce.
Just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring, watched for six months, was broken remained untold.
Participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in The Chronicle ).
The Highway Department source told The Constitution, however, that Vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds.
Moritz is listed on the Longhorn roster as a right halfback, the position at which he lettered on the 1956 team.
Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read.
Mr. Brooks was born in New York, and came to Portland in 1920.
A succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year.
See-through design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an Oriental shoji flavor.
His best years were 1954 when he hit with 41 homers and'55 when he belted 51 home runs, drove in 127 and stole 24 bases.
Center panel, hand-screened wood, actually is a back of one of the tall bookcases.
Mrs. Fenwick Eustis, whose daughter was also a maid to the queen, wore an ashes of roses slipper satin gown.
The firm also handles gin and oil mill supplies such as belting, bearings, etc..
When Missouri's Clarence Cannon got the word, he turned purple.
and ( 4 ) catcher Johnny Blanchard of the New York Yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat, two of them as a pinch-hitter.
Home is where a man was born, reared, went to school and, most particularly, where grandma is.
Among the subjects discussed will be Russian restrictions on poets and writers in the USSR ( Channel 9 at 9:30 ).
In his opening statement to a jury of eight women and four men, Bernard H. Sokol, attorney for the detectives, said that evidence would show that his clients were `` entirely innocent''.
She says, `` of course I've had the best.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Brown will return next week from Bermuda.
Design elements closely rooted to traditional forms but wearing a definite contemporary label keynote Drexel's fall 1961 group, Composite.
Public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite Christmas charities and their pennies, nickels, dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping Santa to reach the fund's goal.
The prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor.
They make gin saws and deal in parts, supplies and some used gin machinery.
From there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4.
Sydney Wragge, creator of sophisticated casuals for women and Roger Vivier, designer of Christian Dior shoes Paris, France, whose squared toes and lowered heels have revolutionized the shoe industry.
Balenciaga is her favorite European designer.
Until a few weeks ago, however, Arnold Palmer was some god-like creature who had nothing in common with the duffers.
Among them will be Marc Shoettle, Ben Shahn, Nicholas Marsicano, Alfred Van Loen and Milton Avery.
The outstanding family of Central Nazarene Church will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the 10:45 a.m. Sunday service marking National Family Week.
Neither Mantle nor Maris is totally devoted to baseball above all else.
Former Vice-President Richard M. Nixon in Detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the Soviet Union.
About 16,000 military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the parade.
Bill Kunkel, Bob Hartman and Ed Keegan did the mound chores for the club down from West Palm Beach to play the game before 767 paying customers in Miami Stadium.
Hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since.
Davis may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the Legislature to normalcy.
There have even been serious errors in the U. S. Forest Service, whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training, he added.
Getting to and from school was no problem.
Huff lives with his wife, Sue, and their four children, 6 to 10 years old, in a $25,000 home with a $17,000 mortgage.
A modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of $250,000, and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new gins in the U.S. and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area.
Low-flying planes will spread a granular-type chemical, heptachlor, over 30,000 acres in Troup, 37,000 acres in Pierce and 65,000 acres in Bulloch and Bryan counties.
Our pitching is much better than it has shown''.
`` We are back with the' Met' again now that the' Met' is back in Chicago'', bulletins Mrs. Frank S. Sims, president of the women's board of the University of Chicago Cancer Research Foundation.
Fields of corn and some other crops in many cases are so dense that older equipment cannot handle them efficiently.
The contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the El track.
A reader of the Boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that petty chicanery, or worse, is the norm in Massachusetts public life.
`` She flew beautifully'', said Fiedler.
He is publicly on record as believing Mr. De Sapio should be replaced for the good of the party.
But whichever of these two finished ahead of the other would be the undisputed financial leader of the tour.
Second grand prize of $5,000 went to Mrs. Clara L. Oliver for her Hawaiian coffee ring, a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze.
Besides managers of downtown theaters, the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and Buckhead.
Four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and `` a doctor, medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail''.
Music for dancing will be furnished by Allen Uhles and his orchestra, who will play each Saturday during June.
His testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses, permits and city services.
Starting half an hour behind Player in company with British Open Champion Kel Nagle, Palmer birdied the 2nd, the 9th, the 13th and the 16th -- four birdies, one bogey and 13 pars for a 69.
Anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with Mrs. John Whelan at the Hollywood Public Library.
All the sins of ancient Rome are said to be collected into this three-hour film.
The company sells a complete line of gin machinery all over the cotton-growing world.
A religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere.
Stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and sow his oats.
This is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure.
In 1920, as the startling news that the 1919 White Sox had conspired to lose the World Series leaked out, fans grew disillusioned and disinterested in baseball.
Finally, there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the President's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord.
Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons.
F. Morris Cochran, university vice president and business manager, said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families, particularly for those here for a limited time.
Trading was comparatively dull throughout the day.
There the name vaguely connotes new-rich wealth, a reputation for eccentricity, and an ardor for collecting art.
U.S. Dist. Judge Charles L. Powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys Monday in Portland's insurance fraud trial.
Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year, 1963.
Thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery.
I had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip''.
The Hamming distance between two codewords determines the error correction capability.
A young man was killed and two others injured at midnight Friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on Lake Avenue near Waddell Street, NE, police said.
The taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same''.
There are even motels for local weather peculiarities in Shamrock, Tex., as I discovered.
He skips around from jazz, to blues to boogie -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act.
`` When I've made a dumb play'', he says, `` I don't want to talk to anyone.
Indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy, Mr. Reama said: `` A Socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own''.
The next morning he summoned a group of top Democrats to his private office and broke the news: he would lead the fight to oust Colmer, whom he is said to regard as `` an inferior man''.
-- State representatives decided Thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes Texans would prefer to pay.
Today, M. Kegham was in Detroit, en route to join his wife and children in California.
The attractive Greer Garson, who loves beautiful clothes and selects them as carefully as she does her professional roles, prefers timeless classical designs.
He said that from his experience of two years with Gen. Clay in West Berlin administration, that `` Russia respects our show of strength, but that presently we're not acting as we should and must''.
But Mr. Kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with Mr. Khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe.
Dan Beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father.
In reply, Deputy Police Commissioner Howard R. Leary said that the city spends more than $115,000 annually to license and regulate dogs but collects only $43,000 in fees.
-- Richard J. Hughes made his Morris County debut in his bid for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a pledge `` to carry the issues to every corner of the state''.
By July 1, six weeks from now, motel-keepers all over the nation will, by 6 p.m., be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign, `` No Vacancy''.
Guests will be treated to Gulf Coast scenic effects.
`` The nuns there do a wonderful work'', the President commented.
The mother of young queen, Mrs. G. Henry Pierson Jr. chose a white brocade gown made on slim lines with panels of tomato-red and bright green satin extending down the back.
All of the loans, in amounts up to $5,000 each, have been repaid by Stein, according to Leavitt.
He expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in September.
Ramsey, 6-3, 195 and ruggedly slim, says, `` I can't remember when I didn't pester my mother to teach me to cook''.
Subsequent assemblies will be held at Stranahan High School Tuesday, at Pompano Beach High Wednesday, and at Fort Lauderdale high Thursday.
Incumbent William Brod is opposed in his re-election bid by Barbara Njust, Miles C. Bubenik and Frank Lee.
Cafe Society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership.
With a small bomb, I tuck it between Cadillacs.
The company, in figuring its taxable earnings, deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products.
`` I'm hopeful that from more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground''.
Martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country.
same date, Johnny LaSalle trio to the Jolly Roger.
They have the same men, no age problem, no injuries and they also have Vinegar Bend Mizell for the full season, along with Bobby Shantz''.
Vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item.
Nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace, then went beyond the required `` sufficient declaration''.
Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated.
Measure the puppet to determine the height of the light socket, allowing three to four inches above the puppet's head.
Stengel will receive the Ben Epstein Good Guy Award.
This is a way of getting to school, but, I understand, it entails a certain loss of social status.
Advisors for the `` national champion'' company were John K. Morgan, William H. Baker, Leonard Breuer and William F. Stephenson, all of Georgia-Pacific Corp..
It would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war, to try to probe Mr. Khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views.
He would assign one of the rescue trucks to the Riverside section of the city and the other to the Rumford area.
These were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals.
Principal address will be delivered by Gerald T. Owens, national sales manager for Isodine Pharmical Corp. of New York.
Under the new offering, only $60 million in debentures are convertible into 923,076 common shares.
The question was raised, for example, as to what attitude the President would take if Mr. Khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from Southeast Asia to the Middle East.
`` This is a great national cultural asset, and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me, representing as I do today my wife, to welcome all of you here today at the White House''.
So, if anybody solicits by phone, make sure you mail the dough to the above.
and Frank W. Pesce, operator of a Glimco dominated deodorant firm, the Best Sanitation and Supply company, 1215 Blue Island Av..
-- At a gay party in the Kremlin for President Sukarno of Indonesia, Premier Khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said, beaming: `` Look, he took everything I had''!!
Mr. Pezza was taken to a nearby Johnston physician, Dr. Allan A. DiSimone, who treated him.
And what leadership a proud Mantle has given so far.
Anyone who now doubted that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course.
Battalion Chief Stanton M. Gladden, 42, the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union, suffered multiple fractures of both ankles.
In the area of `` community health services'', the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction.
With this ultimate weapon, the two Yankees may have saved baseball from its dullest season.
-- The Gov. Jimmie H. Davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961, with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses.
It happened on the twelfth hole, a 155-yarder.
Developments in Cuba and Laos also suggested the advisability of an early summit meeting.
Gas station people are very debonair about small cars.
After his speech, reporters asked him about the report of his political intentions, published in yesterday's New York Times.
In another respect, television viewers will feel right at home because most of the actors are unknowns.
Baltimore's bulky spring-training contingent now gradually will be reduced as Manager Paul Richards and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit.
She took postgraduate work at the University of Grenoble in France and then returned to London to work on market research with an advertising firm.
The conductor said to Ritchie: `` I don't think you want to talk to him.
But he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first.
One member of the panel -- not Mr. Parker -- indicated he had been a member of the KKK at one time.
St. Louis University found a way to win a baseball game.
Inheriting a more mature Mantle, who now has seen the sights on and off Broadway, Ralph Houk quietly bestowed, no pun intended, the mantle of authority on Mickey.
A double by Green, Allison's run-scoring 2-baser, an infield single by Lemon and Gardner's solid single to center put the Twins back in front in the last of the fifth.
While details are still to be worked out, Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected.
Young Peter Wendell, a student at the Westminster school, has measles, and his sister, Mrs. Andrew Thomas, and her husband, who live in Missoula, Mont., have a new baby.
Government attorneys, Leavitt said, have questioned him closely about `` five or six loans'' totaling about $40,000 which the liquor company made to Stein in the last year.
She is in Madame Tussard's Waxworks in London, a princess of the Kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states.
Mr. Kililngsworth was a foreman with S and W Cafeteria.
Machine learning has transformed natural language processing in recent years.
Berger insisted that `` we know enough to sue for the full amount''.
There was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that Laos was ill suited to be an ally, unlike its more determined neighbors, Thailand and South Viet Nam.
`` The countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to build'', he said.
Willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond Mickey's.
`` We want to find out who knew about it'', Pratt said.
Mr. Hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack.
By way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same American Catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence.
Benched at Tulsa in 1955, he told manager Dutch Meyer: `` I can't play for you.
Moritz came to Texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were hampered by a knee injury.
Sandman, state campaign chairman for Jones, was addressing a meeting in the Military Park Hotel, Newark, of Essex County leaders and campaign managers for Jones.
He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals.
Family Service has helped hundreds of families in this area.
He was a former commander of Willamette Heights, Post, and a member of Nevah Sholom Congregation.
Also, invitations have been addressed to Molly's debut tea the afternoon of Dec. 29 in the Arts club.
Mr. Stone suffered fractured ribs and chest cuts, hospital authorities said.
-- The FBI yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the `` Freedom Rider'' bus burning trial four weeks ago.
And to encourage other churches to try their own programs, Kern said this Sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations.
It said the tax-freedom of the gain in this case stemmed not from the exempt status of the income but from a special rule on corporate liquidations.
Alusik then moved Cooke across with a line drive to left.
Also being treated are Houston, Bleckley, Tift, Turner and Dodge counties, Blasingame said.
-- Congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting forecasts for the two chambers.
The Masters golf tournament proved last Monday what it can do to the strongest men and the staunchest nerves.
It declares that Sunday sales licenses provide `` great revenue'' to the local government.
The room will also feature another rarity many antiquarians would consider more important than the Duncan Phyfe furniture.
This might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the Legislature, so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year.
Varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor.
The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first $4,800 of pay per year.
But the Communists aided the Pathet Lao at an even faster rate.
On a quarter-to-quarter comparison, the first quarter of 1961 total of 9,273 cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's 3-month total of 11,744.
Emory University's Board of Trustees announced Friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible.
In the case of Portugal, which a few weeks ago was rumored ready to walk out of the NATO Council should critics of its Angola policy prove harsh, there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension.
In talks with Mr. Buckley last week in Washington, the Mayor apparently received the Bronx leader's assent to dropping Controller Lawrence E. Gerosa, who lives in the Bronx, from this year's ticket.
But E.G.T. could not let the Swiss bank have even 10 shares.
Despite countless barriers and disappointments, Shea moved forward.
He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse'' of the Criminal court processes.
In his opening address Wednesday the Rev. Mr. Zimmerman, urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program, with `` Breakthrough'' the theme for the first two years.
It originated with the Wissahickon Section.
The watch was valued at $125 and the earrings at $85.
But what made the Morton Foods stock issue such a hot one??
Stein estimated this amount at `` about $1,500 or $1,600 a month''.
The game opened a busy week for Washington.
The jurors said they realize `` a proportionate distribution of these funds might disable this program in our less populous counties''.
-- William J. Seidel, state fire warden in the Department of Conservation and Economic Development, has retired after 36 years of service.
As he approached the open bandstand, erected facing the South entrance to the Executive Mansion, the band struck up the `` Star Spangled Banner'' and followed it with `` Hail To The Chief''.
Show spotlights the Kings -- George Worth, Bill Kay, Frank Ciciulla and Gene Wilson, flanked by Dave Grossman and Ron Stevens.
The New York Metropolitan Opera Company will be here in May, and the board will sponsor the Saturday night, May 13, performance of `` Turandot'' as a benefit.
Both figures would go higher in later years.
The volume of ADC cases will decrease, Martin reported, when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems: Relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color.
Perhaps the Pirate who will be the unhappiest over the news that Musial probably will sit out most of the series is Bob Friend, who was beaten by The Man twice last season on dramatic home runs.
One effect of the proposal, which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength, as in the past, would be to take jobs from European nations and give more to such countries as India.
-- The first in a series of five productions will be held in War Memorial Auditorium Thursday, Oct. 26.
Fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable'' pension plan for city employes.
a medico's injection inflamed a nerve, and Johnny can barely walk.
Despite efforts by Washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting, it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war.
Police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the Dresbachs.
Despite the 45-degree weather the game was clicked off in 1:48, thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play.
Honolulu will be Mrs. Geraghty's first stop.
Then Throneberry rapped into a fast double play.
Sandman announced the appointment of Mrs. Harriet Copeland Greenfield of 330 Woodland Ave., Westfield, as state chairman of the Republican Women for Jones Committee.
Larry Scherer last night pitched a no-hit game, said to be the first in Billiken baseball history, as the Blue and White beat Southeast Missouri State College, 5-1, at Crystal City.
A portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special railing to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel.
Since 1949, the only National League club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the'55 Dodger team.
Factories are located here and in Prattville, Ala..
Except for sophomore center Mike Kelsey and fullback Mike Rice, Meek expects the squad to be physically sound for Rice.
Soviet Premier Khrushchev sent New Year's hopes for peace to President-elect Kennedy, and got a cool acknowledgment in reply.
This means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life'', he told delegates Friday.
She is adept at skeet shooting, trout fishing, Afro-Cuban and Oriental dancing and Southwestern archaeology.
Mr. Trimble has been in the hospital but is expected back Tuesday.
Give me a team of nine angry men and I'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times''.
The Flock added a pair of tallies in the third on three straight hits after two were out.
They are James J. Delaney of Queens and Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. of Massachusetts.
Turk Lown was tagged with the loss, his second against no victories, while Ray Moore won his second game against a single loss.
After 108 games in 1961, Mickey Mantle has 43, Roger Maris 41.
It's one of our town's worthiest charities.
Harvey Haddix, set back by the flu this season, will start against his former Cardinal mates, who might be playing without captain Kenny Boyer in tonight's game at Busch Stadium.
When Roger Eugene Maris, Mantle's muscular teammate, powers four home runs in a double-header, his performance merits awe.
The victim, Norman B. Wiley, 38, of the 900 block North Charles Street, was treated for cuts at Franklin Square Hospital after the robbery.
Robert Lovelace and Cedric Burgher Jr. seated guests.
Through Secretary Herter, Ike offered President-elect Kennedy an opportunity to associate his new Administration with the breakoff decision.
She was arrested by Phoenix Police after they received the indictment papers from Portland detectives.
Pittsburgh turned him down, just as Pittsburgh society had been snubbing him for years.
Her favorite cocktail dress is a Norell, a black and white organdy and silk jersey.
Ah, the fair-weather friends of yesteryear!!
Gordon A. Lonsdale, 37, a mystery man presumed to be Russian although he carries a Canadian passport.
Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation.
Hector Lopez, subbing for Berra, smashed a 3-run homer off Bill Henry during another 5-run explosion in the fourth.
It is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages, but he pays the employers' strike expenses when the latter undertakes to fight a strike.
The principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to Abner Haynes, the flashy halfback.
The Beadles formerly lived in Lake Forest.
The controversial remark was first made Sunday by Hughes at a Westfield Young Democratic Club cocktail party at the Scotch Plains Country Club.
Georgia Republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race, a top official said Wednesday.
The hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the Jane Brown Hospital, part of Rhode Island Hospital.
New car sales in Dallas County during March showed slight signs of recovering from the doldrums which have characterized sales this year.
The first over-the-counter trade Wednesday afternoon at Eppler, Guerin & Turner, the managing underwriter, was at $17 a share.
It will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump.
Premier Khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway.
The President had set for himself the task, which he believed vital, of awakening the U. S. and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance.
Actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy.
On Friday, a day as cloudless and lovely as Thursday had been gray and ugly, the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus.
Hartman, purchased by the A's from the Milwaukee Braves last fall, allowed no hits in his scoreless three-inning appearance, and merited the triumph.
the program resulted in a cutback of around 20% in planted acreage and, as a result, reduced the immediate need for machines.
`` Only a relative handful of such reports was received'', the jury said, `` considering the widespread interest in the election, the number of voters and the size of this city''.
but many against combining to raise it''.
Then last season the Birds tumbled as low as 11-18 on May 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories.
Kieffer, the only junior in the group, was commended for his ability to hit in the clutch, as well as his all-round excellent play.
The event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the National Council of Jewish Women.
But he also achieved something that endeared him to every duffer who ever flubbed a shot.
Mrs. Williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of Dr. Jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval.
`` We're just real happy for the players'', Coach Bill Meek said of the 9-7 victory over the Air Force Academy.
The John E. Mitchell Co. began work in Dallas in 1928.
Student Prince Lounge on Atlantic Blvd. plotting a month-long `` festival'' throughout October, with special features.
Parents of the bride are Mr. and Mrs. Ferris M. Gay, 7034 Coronado.
Apparently Fellini caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall.
But questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it.
Mrs. Theodore Kapnek is vice chairman of the committee for the gala.
Spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area, and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job.
For A good many seasons I've been looking at the naughty stuff on television, so the other night I thought I ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies.
The crowd of 32,589 had only two chances to applaud.
U.S. Attorney Macon Weaver said the federal complaint, charged that the juror gave false information when asked about Ku Klux Klan membership during selection of jury.
`` Several times I found the players pepping me up, where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk.
Some of my fellow workers were grooming me for an office in the Socialist Party.
Skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year.
The land lies ready for the coming onslaught.
Nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an early-season conflict in dates.
Charles Reynolds of Pumpkin Ridge was rabbit showmanship champion.
A generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated antiques and fine reproductions.
Murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for driers and cleaners, and this machinery is purchased from a Dallas-based firm.
He was particularly struck by a course on Communist brainwashing.
3 The Redbirds' disheartening 11-7 collapse against the Phillies Sunday.
Louisiana, however, collected an income tax on the profits from the sale.
`` Los Angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster'', he said.
Swine showmanship championship went to Bob Day, with Tom Day and Hutchins winning other blues.
The latter involved hitting a full four-wood out to the first fairway and toward the clubhouse, hoping to slice it back to the deeply bunkered 9th green.
About 200 of the special V-1 rocket-bombs were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive warhead.
Mr. Simpkins is a resident of Somerset county, and he and the Governor, also a Somerset countian, have been friends since Mr. Simpkins was a child.
Bill Davis quartet of Hillsboro was second and baton twirler Sue Ann Nuttall of Reedville third.
We'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in Morris County and out of the other side in Hudson.
Cotton Belt Gin Service, Inc. of Dallas makes gin saws and started here 14 years ago.
Charlayne studied journalism at Detroit's Wayne State University.
Nevertheless, `` we feel that in the future Fulton County should receive some portion of these available funds'', the jurors said.
Mrs. Jerome Blum and Mrs. Meyer Schultz are co-chairmen this year.
At the earlier `` pre-academic excellence'' stage of Catholic education, the operation could be conducted on an intra-mural community basis.
It excuses these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration.
Fuchs, after nine and a half years, was released, being given time off for good behavior.
Maris purchases $100 suits from Simpson's in New York.
Her mother was a Greer and her father's family came from the Orkney Isles.
Another debutante, Miss Virginia Richmond, will also be the honoree this Wednesday at luncheon at which Mrs. John Dane, will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel.
A normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours.
Published annually by William Hord Richardson, the 1962 edition, subtitled Society Register of Southern California, is scheduled to arrive with Monday morning's postman.
If laying ties on a railroad track, which he once did for $1 an hour, paid more than playing right field for the Yankees, Maris would lay ties on a railroad track.
The Living Room has another scoop: Jane Russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there, opening Jan. 22.
Although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically distasteful, he added that the vital interest in election results transcended county lines.
-- The powerful New York Yankees won their 19th world series in a 5-game romp over outclassed Cincinnati, crushing the Reds in a humiliating 13-5 barrage Monday in the loosely played finale.
If the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to Prince Souvanna Phouma, whom it felt was too trusting of Communists, it gradually had to relinquish them.
Just before game time, Robinson's pretty wife, Connie informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer.
The minister, describing the attacks which led up to the appeal, said that 60,000 Communist North Vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near Thakhek, in southern-central Laos.
It was first tried out on a conventional submarine, the Albacore, in 1954.
Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Chase announce the birth of a daughter, Sheila, on Wednesday in Mercy Hospital.
`` Being at the polls was just like being at church.
President Kennedy will meet with Soviet Premier Nikita S. Khrushchev in Vienna June 3 and 4.
Gene Marshall, genial manager of the club, has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday, June 1.
One of the agreements calls for the New Eastwick Corp. to purchase a 1311 acre tract for $12,192,865.
I'm ruddy lazy, and I'm getting on in years.
It was first believed the bomb was rigged to the car's starter.
They are accused of whisking secrets out of naval strongrooms over which they kept guard.
Arnold Palmer and Sam Snead will be among those honored at the national awards dinner of the Metropolitan Golf Writers Association tonight.
High blood pressure can get the best of any of us.
`` He's looking a lot better, and he's able to run'', Meek explained.
I feel a certain loss of status when I am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife, who is only a woman.
But Mr. Buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick Mr. Gerosa's successor.
Later, Huff cashed three checks for $100 each at the Sherman House, using a credit card.
This was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the Soviet Union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the United Nations.
In the case of academic personnel the `` feeling'' of participation can hardly be `` faked''.
On Monday, the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization.
Gov. Vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment.
Ex-Oriole Clint Courtney, now catching for the A's is all for the American League's 1961 expansion to the West Coast.
The ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of Pike in the House of the Temple.
He also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing, since the bill was introduced only last Monday.
`` This is a poor boy's bill'', said Chapman.
I think for example of three women's colleges with pitifully small enrollments, clustered within a few miles of a major Catholic university, which is also co-educational.
They now lead Louisville by a full game on top of the American Association pack.
The reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the B. & O. operates.
The cases involved judges in the 33d, 24th, and 42d precincts of the 31st ward, the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward, the 18th precinct of the 4th ward, and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward.
For 18 months, Hamilton Holmes, 19, and Charlayne Hunter, 18, had tried to get into the university.
And last week at the Masters Palmer and Player did.
Stein said he needed the money, Leavitt said, to `` meet the payroll'' at National Maintenance company.
Rep. Frank Kowalski of Connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the Armed Services Committee.
The departure of the Giants and the Dodgers to California left New York with only the Yankees.
The conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed, he said, and added Field's long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program.
Holmes went to Atlanta's Morehouse ( Negro ) College, where he is a B student and star halfback.
Vivacious redhead debuts another shop, her sixth, in the Governor's Club Hotel this week.
The women's committee of St. David's Church will hold its annual pre-Fair pink parade, a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on Monday, April 17, in the chapel assembly room, Wayne.
The Rev. Richard Freeman of Texas City officiated and Charles Pabor and Mrs. Marvin Hand presented music.
The new president is 37-year-old Dr. James McN. Hester, currently dean of the NYU Graduate School of Arts and Sciences.
Monday, he had four Longhorns in the top four.
She wore a court-length gown of organdy designed with bateau neckline and princesse skirt accented by lace appliques.
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music.
Then the pixies and the zombies took over while the banshees wailed in the distance.
I cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on TV every week.
Five candidates seek the place vacated by Secretary Hugh G. Stout.
`` There was only one power control -- a valve to adjust the fuel flow.
Street car tracks run down the center of Pennsylvania, powered with lines that are underground.
40 & 8 Voiture, No. 25, Musician's Union, Local 99.
Should there be evidence they are shirking, he has said, the state police will step into the situation.
Ordinary Williams said he, too, was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election.
If they have to take any car, they'd rather take the big one.
Britain announced that it is asking the Soviet Union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire.
During the election campaign, both candidates, Davis and Bush, reportedly received anonymous telephone calls.
They both possess near classic stances, dug in firmly, arms high, set for fierce swings.
But it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with Mr. Khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted.
`` I put Arger on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the stevedore account at Navy pier'', Stein said.
He outplayed Palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to Palmer's 71.
The dead youth was identified as Robert E. Sims, 19, of 1688 Oak Knoll Cir., Aj.
Louis Glazer is chairman of the men's committee that, among other jobs, takes over part of the responsibility for staffing the shop during its evening hours.
Christine's twin sister, Patricia, and Darlene Kowalski, 8, escaped with minor burns.
He told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the escheat law which has been on the books `` since Texas was a republic''.
In 1922, the United Mine Workers struck the Coronado Coal Company.
In poultry judging, blues were won by John Nyberg of Tualatin, Anne Batchelder of Hillsboro, Jim Shaw of Hillsboro, Stephanie Shaw of Hillsboro and Lynn Robinson of Tigard.
`` Lindy McDaniel threw batting practice about 25 minutes, and he looked good'', Hemus said.
as halfbacks, both came close to playing football at the University of Oklahoma ( `` Sometimes in the minors'', Maris recalls, `` I wished I had gone to Oklahoma'' ).
The increase in mechanical harvesting of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation.
The Texans won the game through ball control, with Quarterback Cotton Davidson throwing only 17 passes.
An interesting approach to the bedroom is presented, with a young, basic, functional group of chests, dressers and corner units and a canted headboard.
Tell that to the little wife when she moans at the woman's burden!!
Bobby Bester Hammett, 21, of Rte. 3, Lawrenceville, and Mrs. Lucille Herrington Jones, 23, of Lawrenceville, died in the flaming car, the patrol said.
He said contributions also could be mailed to Post Office Box 553, Warren Village Station.
Miss Burke, a graduate of Miss Hall's school, stayed on in Florence as a career girl.
A thug struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after robbing him of $18 at Franklin and Mount Streets.
Text compression exploits statistical redundancy to reduce bit representation.
Indeed, from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started circulating in Dallas last January, the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up.
As he left the bus with his money bag, Robinson added, the largest youth accosted him, a quarrel ensued, and the youth knocked him down.
Johnny Leighton picked up some new numbers out in Texas which he's springing on the ringsiders in the Rum House at Galt Ocean Mile Hotel.
When the gubernatorial campaign starts, Caldwell is expected to become a campaign coordinator for Byrd.
In this manner, every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws.
Another neighbor, Mrs. Frank C. Smith, 2731 Pall Mall, Sterling Township, surprised Kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs.
No request for emergency allotment had yet been received, however.
Moritz said Monday his leg feels fine and, as a result, he hopes to start practicing field goals this week.
Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message.
The department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of Macon.
`` Leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out.
Add enough warmed cream, seasoned to taste with onion juice, to about half cover the chicken breasts.
The bride, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ervin Glison of Pampa, has attended Texas Woman's University and will continue her studies at Aj.
Friday's letters asked for a Nov. 15 meeting.
One of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to Mrs. Self and her service.
The rule was enforced by demand of Sen. Wayne Morse ( D., Ore. ) in connection with President Eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and President Kennedy's in 1961.
And he caused the fumble that set up our touchdown.
Business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by Hemphill and District Attorney James C. Crumlish, Jr..
He returned to his cell in the county jail, where he has been held since his arrest last July, without a word to his court-appointed attorney, Jack Walker, or his guard.
Al Smith's 340-blast over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and Carreon's first major league home run in the fifth put the Sox back in front.
The Hughes concern then took `` shortcuts'' on the project but got paid anyway, Hemphill said.
Mantle, Maris, and Cerv probably share one major-league record already: Among them, they have fifteen children -- eight for Cerv, four for Mantle, and three for Maris.
The Narragansett Race Track grounds is one assembly point, he said, and a drive-in theater in Seekonk would be another.
What do the pretty SMU girls like on their plates??
`` And I bum tickets to everything I can'', she said.
In the past few years the men, mostly husbands of members, have taken an interest.
After a lengthy workout yesterday, an open date, Hemus said that Bob Nieman definitely would stay in the lineup.
I told him what Liston had said and he said Liston was a double-crosser and said anything he ( Liston ) got was through a keyhole.
Like the Yankees' slugger, Mays, the terror of the Giants, has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players, but not by -- or for -- Willie.
Among arrests reported by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1959, about half for burglary and larceny involved persons under 18 years of age.
four rings, a watch and a set of pearl earrings.
Friend is off to a great start with a 4-0 record but isn't likely to see action here this week.
This is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion, depending on whether you're an American or National fan and anti or pro-Yankee.
About 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the Dallas plant by more than 200 employes.
A rule on the Federal deductibility of state taxes is contested.
They honored the battling Billikens last night.
In the past the club depended largely on Van Brocklin's aerials.
If such a paragon of perfection as Palmer could commit such a scoring sacrilege, there was hope left for all.
In August while stopping in Greenock, Scotland, three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train.
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell.
The cost of a license now is $2, with an annual renewal fee of $1.
The fund's statewide quota this year is $8,250 to provide Christmas gifts for needy youngsters.
The mantel was found in a recently demolished Salem house and is being fitted over the White House library fireplace.
The NLRB said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union, two voted for it, and one vote was challenged.
That 60-day period is over and letters are still coming in from shareholders of these four funds, complaining about mistakes in their accounts.
Thomas Rotelli, head of Rhode Island Incinerator Service, Inc., said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers.
A cheery smile, a compassionate interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach.
It is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the American ballet.
There they continued their studies at the university, she in art, he in architecture.
The past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by Thurman Arnold, in The Folklore of Capitalism, back in 1937.
John Di Massimo has been elected president of the 1961 Columbus Day Celebration Committee, it was announced yesterday.
But from a historic viewpoint none can approach it.
The conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in Ohio and Wyoming.
Mr. Delaney and Mr. O'Neill are not willing to vote on the public-school measure until the defense education bill clears the House Education and Labor Committee.
The Eagles signed him for Shaw's staff in 1959.
He started practice in 1917, and served on the State Board of Medical Examiners.
This escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while.
`` It's so quiet'', he said, `` so slow, serene -- and so challenging''.
With cash receipts from marketings expected to be slightly above 1960, farmers' gross income is estimated at $39.5 billion, $1.5 billion above 1960's record high.
The board members, after hearing the coordination plea from Mrs. Ralph H. Molvar, 1409 SW Maplecrest Dr., said they thought they had already been cooperating.
We'll work out about an hour on Saturday, then we'll work Monday and Tuesday of next week, then taper off''.
Mrs. Huntley was held on $20,000 bond in Phoenix.
He urged New Jersey to `` become a full partner in the courageous actions of President Kennedy''.
Convolutional codes use sliding window encoding for continuous data streams.
This would be in perfect consonance with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash.
In the third Frank Robinson hammered a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center, about 400 feet away, with two men on.
So many Cubans were reported being swept into the Castro dragnet that the massive Sports Palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift jails.
The Kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals, particularly their effect on the Federal Housing Administration, came under fire in Dallas last week.
`` I am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed.
Breeding to Adair to Gentile, setting up Tuttle's 390-foot homer over the wall in left center.
Dick Carroll and his accordion ( which we now refer to as `` Freida'' ) held over at Bahia Cabana where `` Sir'' Judson Smith brings in his calypso capers Oct. 13.
As personnel clerk, she handled thousands of entries, ranging from appointments to jobs, to transfers to other employments, to pensions.
Prior to that he was associated with Long Island University in Brooklyn.
Policies on nuclear test ban negotiations were reviewed and changed.
When they reached Augusta last week, together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date.
) Hitting, Mantle has an immediate advantage because he bats both left-handed and right-handed, Maris only left-handed.
Research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of dependency and illegitimacy.
-- After a long, hot controversy, Miller County has a new school superintendent, elected, as a policeman put it, in the `` coolest election I ever saw in this county''.
But if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a grant-in-aid program, a not unlikely conclusion, it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes.
Their flight was delayed, Dunn said, when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane.
Now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single paycheck in golf.
After being closed for seven months, the Garden of the Gods Club will have its gala summer opening Saturday, June 3.
Just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops heroics to start millions of tongues to wagging.
At a closed-door session on Capitol Hill last week, Secretary of State Christian Herter made his final report to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on U.S. affairs abroad.
Some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals $840,000.
For example, farm equipment shipments of International Harvester in August climbed about 5% above a year earlier, Mr. Keeler reports.
Scherer also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double, Len Boehmer also was 4-for-5 with two doubles and Dave Ritchie had a home run and a triple.
The only day they `` have a chance to compete with large supermarkets is on Sunday'', the council's resolution said.
Both have been active in the association.
There, Gregorio said, Huff wrote a complete statement of his offense.
Gus Ehlers, competitor of Mr. Houtz in this farm community, says his business since August 1 is running 50% above a year earlier.
Labor remained a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted immunization from the anti-trust laws.
Employes of Pawtucket's garbage and rubbish collection contractor picketed the firm's incinerator site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions.
If working in a zinc mine, which he once did for 87-1/2 cents an hour, paid more than playing center field for the Yankees, Mantle would work in a zinc mine.
Other officers are Angelo J. Scampini, vice president, Joseph V. Arata, treasurer, and Fred J. Casassa, secretary.
That is where we turn in the good old summertime.
On that final Sunday at Pensacola neither Palmer nor Player was leading the tournament and, as it turned out, neither won it.
Sunday New Orleans brunches continue at the Trade Winds but the daily French buffets have been called off.
Developments over the next two months, however, caused the President to reconsider the question of the timing.
Maris ran the 100-yard dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against Luis Aparicio, the swift, base-stealing shortstop of the White Sox.
For that matter, Stan Musial is rare, possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers, reserving his opinions, but not his effort.
You can mail contribs to Danny Thomas, Post Office Box 7599, Chicago.
Shannon proved that reliable communication is possible below channel capacity.
Dignity and comfort, in a contemporary manner, reflecting the best aspects of today's design, with substance and maturity, keynote the Perennian collection from Heritage.
Downtown and art theater managers and owners, contacted Friday night for comment on the COAHR request, said they had no knowledge of such a letter, and that it was not in the Friday mail.
Everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors, when and if.
the Geddes MacGregors, formerly of Scotland, and Mr. and Mrs. Werner H. Althaus, formerly of Switzerland.
By leaving our doors open the United States gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare, he said.
The passage of the Sherman Act was aimed at giant monopolies.
Acting Administrator Andrew F. Juras said that because of Field's unique position and knowledge in the program, the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period.
Whitey Herzog, performing in right as the Orioles fielded possibly their strongest team of the spring, worked Keegan for a base on balls.
The report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the United Nations.
She dreamed up the cookie recipe, tried it, liked it and entered it in the contest.
`` For instance, Djakarta, Indonesia, has three groups of dancers interested in coming here.
Emory is affiliated with the Methodist Church.
The couple will honeymoon in Sequoia National Park, Calif..
Raymond E. Killingsworth, 72, died Sunday at his home at 357 Venable St., Aj.
He kids his Tarzan roles more than anyone.
`` The financial situation of the Baltimore & Ohio, has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the 1930s'', he told the hearing.
Pretty Sunny Ainsworth, the ex-Mrs. Tommy Manville and the ex-Mrs. Bud Arvey, joined Playboy-Show-Biz Illustrated, as a promotional copy writer.
Mr. Khrushchev was jesting in the expansive mood of the successful banker.
The Bassis are leaving soon for their new post.
Her veil was caught to a pearl headdress, and she carried stephanotis and orchids.
He was critical of what he feels is President Kennedy's tendency to be too conciliatory.
Over 400 Portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of Junior Achievement headquarters here.
and heavy engineering at $102,285,000, down 33 per cent.
The famed Yankee Clipper, now retired, has been assisting as a batting coach.
And he operates three cafeterias in the Student Center, along with McElvaney Dining Hall and the athlete's tables.
The measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone.
Large language models learn statistical patterns from vast amounts of text data.
Blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by Nyberg.
-- Principals of the 13 schools in the Denton Independent School District have been re-elected for the 1961-62 session upon the recommendation of Supt. Chester O. Strickland.
He attended New York University before switching to Georgetown University in Washington.
The Orioles once again performed at the plate in powderpuff fashion, gathering only seven blows off the offerings of three Kansas City pitchers.
Al has added some sidemen to the act which makes for a smoother operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring.
He also admitted killing Mrs. Hengesbach.
There is a tangible feeling in the air of revulsion toward politics.
`` Before then, my sales during much of the year had lagged behind 1960 by 20%'', he says.
The wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive.
In open class poultry, Donald Wacklin of Sherwood had the champion male and female bird and grand champion bird.
If a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a fictitious impersonal market, quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest.
Dr. and Mrs. Richard Peter Vieth announce the engagement of their daughter, Miss Susan Ann Vieth, to Mr. Conrad Wall 3,, son of Dr. Conrad Wall 2,, and Mrs. Nell Kennedy Wall.
Joan Zurcher of Hillsboro, Phyllis Jossy of North Plains, Jane Cox of North Plains.
and Inna Zubkovskaya, an excellent Lilac Fairy, were other outstanding members of the cast, but every member of the cast was magnificent.
Hughes said, `` This is not a plan to conquer space -- but to conserve it'', pointing out the state population has increased 125,000 each year since 1950.
All Dallas members voted with Roberts, except Rep. Bill Jones, who was absent.
I came back, sitting by my locker, feeling real low, and the kid walks over to me, looks up, and says:' You stunk'''.
Don Drinkhouse of Pal's Restaurant planning a reunion with the Miami Playboy Club's pianist, Julian Gould.
At the 4th tee Palmer chose to hit a one-iron when a three-wood was the proper club, so he put the ball in a bunker in front of the green.
He hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side.
The deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades, rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that.
Sheriff Felix Tabb said the ordinary apparently made good his promise.
`` A Night in New Orleans'' is the gayety planned by members of the Thrift Shop Committee for May 6 at Philmont Country Club.
The late Secretary of State John Foster Dulles considered the 1954 Geneva agreement a specimen of appeasement, saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a calamity for the West.
More than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them Roman Catholic priests.
The poll was taken at the Center's annual builders' intentions conference.
Those union members kept on their jobs, therefore, will not take a cut in their wages.
We'd be losing at halftime to a good team and Hartweger would say,' Don't worry, Coach -- we'll get'em all right'''.
I'm useless for anything but racing cars.
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do.
Lee Jackson and Ken Smith, both of Houston, and Alfred Neumann of Beaumont seated guests.
Anderson's wife and four children live in Miami.
When Robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple, he was cut down in a close play at third, Tuttle to Andy Carey.
Barber, who is in his 13th year as a legislator, said there `` are some members of our congressional delegation in Washington who would like to see it ( the resolution ) passed''.
Texas leads in per-game rushing averages, 355 yards, and passing 149 ( to Baylor's 126 ), but idle Baylor has the best defensive record ( 187.5 yards per game to Texas' 189 ).
Chico Ruiz made a spectacular play on Alusik's grounder in the hole in the fourth and Wert came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base.
It'll be an all day affair with screenings of Doris' new one, `` Lover Come Back'', and `` Flower Drum Song''.
The current monthly payroll comes to about $15,000,000.
The success of the project depended upon Fiedler's flight.
`` But they shouldda brought in Tokyo, too'', added Old Scrapiron.
Texas' 545-yard spree against Washington State gave the Longhorns a 3-game total offense of 1,512 yards ( 1,065 rushing and 447 passing ) a new SWC high.
The deodorant firm run by Pesce has offices in the headquarters of Glimco's discredited taxi drivers' union at 1213-15 Blue Island Av..
When the shouting ended, the bill passed, 114 to 4, sending it to the Senate, where a similar proposal is being sponsored by Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas.
-- A jury of seven men and five women found 21-year-old Richard Pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the bludgeon slaying of Mrs. Anna Hengesbach.
The plan will provide $45 million for purchase of open land by the state.
Goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the accomodations in some hotels.
This, of course, is baseball's most remarkable mark: The 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the incorrigible epicure, the incredible athlete, George Herman ( Babe ) Ruth of the Yankees.
He began his coaching career at Pittsburgh Central Catholic High School in 1949.
When police arrived the man was still violent, Slate said.
As for food, Mrs. Henry Louchheim, chairman of this phase, is a globetrotter who knows good food.
A bond issue which would have provided some $3.5 million for construction of the two 900-student schools was defeated by district voters in January.
The new school superintendent is Harry Davis, a veteran agriculture teacher, who defeated Felix Bush, a school principal and chairman of the Miller County Democratic Executive Committee.
About five minutes later he jumped up, Slate said, and struck the two policemen again.
The board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting.
He was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning.
But there surely can be no doubt about the slender southpaw belonging with the all-time great lefthanders in the game's history.
Hemphill said the Hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint.
Along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group, went one of the Gallery's blue-uniformed guards.
The company sued under the anti-trust laws, alleging that the union's activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce.
I never dreamed of the logistical difficulties involved until, at long last, both of my boys got squeezed into high school.
The girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body.
A citation from Conservation Commissioner Salvatore A. Bontempo credits his supervision with a reduction in the number of forest fires in the state.
At a ceremony in the reception room of Mayor Richardson Dilworth, the Eagles were honored for winning the championship.
Moritz, however, kicks only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session.
He said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in December.
The bill's defenders were mostly small-town legislators like J. W. Buchanan of Dumas, Eligio ( Kika ) De La Garza of Mission, Sam F. Collins of Newton and Joe Chapman of Sulphur Springs.
The share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments, which began about six years ago, has more than tripled within that span of time.
Albert John Luthuli, awarded a Nobel prize for his South African integration struggles, has to get permission to fly to collect his honor.
`` A person with a master's degree in physics, chemistry, math or English, yet who has not taken Education courses, is not permitted to teach in the public schools'', said Grover.
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions is expected to receive the report this week.
Spice-Nice, counseled by Georgia-Pacific Corp., had previously taken first-place honors in both local competition and the regional conference at San Francisco.
Since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session, the administration will either have to cut down expenses or inflate its estimates of anticipated revenues.
Lawrence B. Jones, yearbook, and Sam Laughlin, scrapbook.
Her invitation from Premier Joseph Smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman.
When arrested, he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in Christmas gift wrapping, it was testified.
It was one of a series of recommendations by the Texas Research League.
Rounded posts give a soft, sculptured look, paneled doors have decorative burl panels or cane insets plus softening arches, table tops are inlaid in Macassar ebony or acacia.
But if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off, it can be expected the Davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state Legislature.
He thus kept his hands free for any action after Jan. 20, although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the U.S. and Latin America ( see the hemisphere ).
The bad luck that can so often mar a well-played round of golf is simply overpowered and obliterated by the contemptuous boldness of these champions.
The Viterbi algorithm finds the most likely path through a trellis diagram.
One might think the problem would be similar.
He collaborated with many of the big name entertainers visiting Portland, among the most recent being Jimmy Durante and Phil Silvers.
The travel club is comprised of 75 fun-loving couples who have as their motto `` Go Somewhere, Anywhere, Everywhere''.
A two-family house at 255 Brook Street has been purchased by Brown University from Lawrence J. Sullivan, according to a deed filed Monday at City Hall.
Having hit one of the trees, the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out.
`` It was a nice round figure, that 12'', he said as he headed for the clubhouse, not too much perturbed.
The deadlock has been caused by the Russians' new demand for a three-man ( East, West and neutral ) directorate, and thus a veto, over the control machinery.
The meetings in Zurich, the statement said, would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government.
There will be masses of flowers, reproductions of the handsome old buildings with their grillwork and other things that are typical of New Orleans.
Digital communications systems encode, transmit, and decode information continuously.
He has served as a border patrolman and was in the Signal Corps of the U.S. Army.
Those Dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a 21-2 mark and a nine-game lead by May 8.
( In the heat of the anti-Colmer drive last week, Judge Smith threatened reprisal against Powell.
Above all, he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to Premier Khrushchev's doorstep.
Nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation.
Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning.
To Spahn will go the Sid Mercer Memorial Award as the chapter's player of the year.
As the third round of the tournament began on Saturday and the duel was resumed in earnest, it was Player's superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead.
Doyle cannot undertake to reply to inquiries.
Arnold sent for Joe Dey, the executive secretary of the golf association.
He wanted time, too, to review the United States' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating.
While working out in Sylvania a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician.
Mr. and Mrs. James Janssen announce the birth of a daughter, Patricia Lynn Janssen, on March 2.
their total passing yardage in three games, 447 on 30 completions in 56 attempts, is only 22 yards short of their total passing yardage in 1959, when they made 469 on 37 completions in 86 tries.
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years, it can be shown without editing.
Within a week after the injury, suffered in St. Louis's victory in the final game of the Kentucky tournament, Nordmann was sitting on the Bill's bench doing what he could to help Benington.
`` Bill White ( sore ankles ) should be ready.
The University of Georgia has long claimed that it does not discriminate against any applicant on the basis of race or color.
After 108 games in 1927, Ruth had 35 home runs.
`` We must keep the bloodstream of New Jersey clean'', the former Superior Court judge said.
-- A wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in Massachusetts.
Two years ago Thompson offered his collection to the city.
Great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue, now about 169 years old.
Under his supervision, the state fire-fighting agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor plows and tractor units for fire fighting.
Miss Burke will arrive in December also.
The second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist.
Channel polarization is the key insight behind polar codes achieving capacity.
Greer Garson, world-famous star of stage, screen and television, will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession.
Authenticated pieces of Duncan Phyfe furniture are uncommon, although millions of American homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago.
Charley Simonelli, top Universal-International film studio exec, makes an honest man out of this column.
Serve each breast on a thin slice of slow-baked ham and sprinkle with Thompson seedless grapes.
When the shaken Palmer finally did hit his fourth shot, he overshot the hole by 15 feet.
Goodis voiced his objection before City Council's Finance Committee.
And that's meant as a boost, not a knock.
A shadowy couple who call themselves Peter Kroger, bookseller, and wife, Joyce.
Momentarily the Reds were back in the ball game, trailing only 6-3, but the drive fizzled when John Edwards fouled out with men on second and third and two out.
This is another of the modifications of policy on Laos that the Kennedy administration has felt compelled to make.
Mrs. Peter Feringa Jr., last year's Achaeans' queen, chose an eggshell white filmy lace short dress made with a wide decolletage trimmed with an edging of tulle.
Before entering the service, Pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in New Orleans.
but the right does not exist to raise the wages of the mechanic by any forced and artificial means''.
-- Alfred Hayes, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said Tuesday `` there is no present need for far-reaching reforms'' which would basically alter the international financial system.
Both turned in top jobs for the second straight game.
He is apt to rear back and claim his rights.
Foreign aid programs were revamped to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations.
`` We have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project Mr. Mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from Washington.
Sometimes I got on the wrong car and didn't get to school at all, but wound up at the ocean, or some other dismal place, and had to spend the day there.
A few of them said they `` preferred contemporary art''.
The World War 2, German bomber rolled down a runway and took off.
Maximum likelihood decoding finds the codeword closest to the received sequence.
Strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements.
In the Notre Dame report, reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to `` luncheon-table communication''.
The Reed Rogers Da Fonta Wild Life Sanctuary in Marin county on Friday officially became the property of the National Audubon Society.
Lyon around: Columnist Walter Winchell, well and rat-a-tat-tatty again, wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his Phoenix, Ariz., rancho, portable typewriter in hand.
Moreover, the President is meeting the Soviet leader at a time when the Administration has still not decided on the scope of America's firm foreign policy commitments.
Appointment of William S. Pfaff Jr., 41, as promotion manager of The Times-Picayune Publishing Company was announced Saturday by John F. Tims, president of the company.
One of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the United States to establish a full-fledged military assistance group instead of the current civilian body.
That's how he first won the Masters in 1958.
Ed Delahanty and Chuck Klein of the Phillies, the Braves' Joe Adcock, Lou Gehrig of the Yankees, Pat Seerey of the White Sox and Rocky Colavito, then with Cleveland, made their history on the road.
There will be a stag dinner Friday evening at the Denver Country Club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season.
Time stands still every time Moritz, a 26-year-old Army Signal Corps veteran, goes into the field.
He tried again and once more sliced out of bounds.
The first committee meeting will be held on May 19.
The Tax Court decision and a similar earlier finding by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals challenges a year-old I.R.S. ruling on the subject.
My wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there.
With their huge backs and overdeveloped shoulders, both must have their clothes made to order.
The Senator was shocked by stoppages over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program.
It is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in GA category, for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary.
Other steps would be developed after information drifts down to the local level from the federal government.
The Brevard visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later.
Statements by other legislators that Dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds, and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill, did not sway Cotten's attack.
In other words, no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet.
The Tic-Tac-Toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing.
Skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave Norm Van Brocklin permission to seek the head coaching job with the Minnesota Vikings, the newest National Football League entry.
Most children love the animated puppet faces and their flexible bodies, and they prefer to see them as though the puppets were in action, rather than put away in boxes.
The Democratic leadership, however, hopes to pass it sometime this week.
`` There is not now, nor has there ever been in Emory University's charter or by-laws any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race, color or creed.
And so it was over the weekend what with 40-year-old Warren Spahn pitching his no-hit masterpiece against the Giants and the Giants' Willie Mays retaliating with a record-tying 4-homer spree Sunday.
They count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the Geneva conference to achieve this.
These qualities alone, however, would not account for their success, and it took me a while to discover the crowning virtue that completes this company's collective personality.
But it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility.
To step up the denomination's program, the Rev. Mr. Brandt suggested the vision of 8,000 new Assemblies of God churches in the next 10 years.
Mr. Hawksley believes that East Providence could use two more rescue trucks, similar to the CD vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the Central Fire Station.
Central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a three-way merger.
`` This is not a program of socialized medicine.
`` Certain people must have known about it''.
Irene suits rate high because they are designed for her long-bodied silhouette.
That bank handles most of the paper work for Diversified Growth Stock Fund, Fundamental Investors, Diversified Investment Fund and Television-Electronics Fund.
But the Morton Foods issue was hot long before it was on the market.
There is no registration fee but there will be a charge of $2.50 for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building.
In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been `` unable to make a case''.
Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital''.
Mr. and Mrs. Piero De Luise will honor Italian Consul and Mrs. Emilio Bassi at a cocktail party Tuesday, May 2, from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home.
The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation.
Place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pan.
Hubie's restaurant activities up in Lorain, Ohio, may preclude his return here until after Oct. 20, date set for reopening the Heilman Restaurant on Sunman Restaurant on Sunrise.
The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students.
Rice has not played since injuring a knee in the opener with Maryland.
the Geraghtys' youngest daughter, Molly, bows in the Passavant Debutante Cotillion the next night.
Then Heywood Sullivan, Kansas City catcher, singled up the middle and Throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run.
The bid from A. Belanger and Sons of Cambridge, Mass., which listed the same officers as Hughes, was $600 per joint.
The district office here employs about 65.
The question might be asked: `` Don't the managements of the heavy-electrical-goods manufacturers know these facts??
Fall foliage and flowers will decorate Los Angeles Country Club for the annual formal party Saturday evening.
`` I rather resent'', she said, `` you speaking to those groups in Portland as though just the move accomplished this.
Mays and Mantle, both 10-year men at 30, have so much ability that, baseball men agree, they've never hit the heights.
Dr. Hester, also one of the youngest men ever to head a major American university, succeeds Dr. Carroll V. Newsom who resigned last September to join Prentice-Hall Inc. publishing firm.
He'll even bull head-on into the rules when he is sure he's right.
There also were reports of a collection at the County Line Elementary School, 3505o Dequindre, which has been attended this year by four of the Kowalski children including Christine.
The entropy of a fair coin flip is exactly one bit of information.
Among other acts, Teller and Austin are accused of paying $800 to Sears.
The plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to vehicular traffic.
The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships, based on need, of up to $2,000 a year per student.
`` Emory University's charter and by-laws have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race'', board chairman Henry L. Bowden stated.
`` He knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times.
Dallas and North Texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies, valued in the millions of dollars.
In 1930, they began making cotton processing equipment.
However, three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend.
`` I'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and I was lying on the driveway'', he said.
The modest and happy Spahn waved off his new laurels as one of those good days.
It was greeted with a chorus of boos by 500 women in Trenton Monday at a forum of the State Federation of Women's Clubs.
Attorneys for the mayor said that an amicable property settlement has been agreed upon.
`` Unfortunately, there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower''.
But in any case, one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one.
Mayer Goldberg, attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward, argued this procedure constituted intimidation.
`` I think that all Americans will resent deeply the statements made about President Eisenhower by Richard J. Hughes.
Ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women.
The impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident.
The administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized Laos.
Shaw and Skorich headed a group of players, coaches and team officials who received an engrossed copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver cufflinks shaped like a football.
He managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield.
Georgia's Dick Russell objected politely, and the battle was joined.
`` The scriptures, both Old and New Testament, are verbally inspired of God and are the revelation of God to man, the infallible, authoritative rule of faith and conduct''.
It fell to Chancellor Kimpton, now a Standard Oil ( Indiana ) executive, to spend his nine-year reign tidying up Chicago after the 21-year typhoon of Idealist Robert Maynard Hutchins.
Barnett is not expected to be able to withstand the pressure.
Vincent Sorrentino, founder and board chairman of the Uncas Mfg. Co., has been designated a Cavaliere of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Italy.
He could be lavishly generous with friends, cab drivers and bellboys, but with dealers he was tough.
He shouted, and rushed off to the Speaker's Room to object: `` A dangerous precedent''!!
In the ninth, Robinson led off with his second double of the night, a blast off the fence 375 feet deep into left.
He was there one season before rejoining the Steelers as an assistant coach.
He said no matter what stand he takes it would be misconstrued that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the Republicans.
The event will be open to the public the following day.
Some church leaders, both clerical and lay, have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation.
He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute.
`` Such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature.
The shell, which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme, tended to cancel out the possibility of future development.
Expressions of even low-key dissatisfaction by a Catholic college faculty member has the effect of confirming the already existing stereotype.
On the U.S.'s island base of Okinawa, Task Force 116, made up of Army, Navy, Marine and Air Force units, got braced to move southward on signal.
Similar payroll tax boosts would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system.
Before he testified for 20 minutes, Stein, who lives at 3300 Lake Shore Dr., admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate hoodlums.
Thomas early Sunday went to the home of his uncle and aunt, Mr. and Mrs. R. C. Thomas, 511 Blanche St., NW, looking for his wife, Margaret Lou Thomas, 18, and their 11-month-old baby.
The staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles''.
The house is on Old Annapolis road a mile south of Severna Park, at Jones Station, police said.
Participants in the 27 Portland companies worked one night a week through the school year, guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry.
Hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy.
`` But I am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time'', Mitchell said.
`` How can a man with any degree of common decency charge this''??
Three were doubles, Brooks Robinson getting a pair and Marv Breeding one.
Student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago.
On that date, according to Gregorio, Huff left his home and took a room in the New Lawrence hotel at 1020 Lawrence Av..
Johnny Blanchard, Mantle's replacement, slammed a 2-run homer as the Yankees routed loser Joey Jay in a 5-run first inning.
The shortage was discovered after Huff failed to report for work on Sept. 18.
Al Fike, an ex-schoolteacher from Colorado, is currently pursuing the three R's -- rhythm, reminiscence and repartee -- in a return class session at the Trade Winds Hotel.
Using the strings that manipulate the puppet, suspend him from the light fixture by tying the strings to the lamp base.
While in the service he attended radio school at Scott Field in Belleville, Ill..
When the winter tour began at Los Angeles last January there was no one in sight to challenge Palmer's towering prestige.
He broke that boy ( Air Force fullback Nick Arshinkoff ) in two and knocked him loose from the football''.
The company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies.
In 1914, the Clayton Act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity.
The boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability.
The spectacular Mays, who reaches a decade in the big leagues come May 25, joined six other sluggers who walloped four home runs in a span of nine innings.
Farmers spend more of their income on tractors and implements than on any other group of products.
Gary Player, the small, trim South African, was the eventual winner, but in all his 25 years he never spent a more harrowing afternoon as he waited for the victory to drop in his lap.
Miss Glenda Kay Meredith of Denton was her sister's maid of honor, and Vernon Lewelleyn of San Angelo was best man.
-- Senators unanimously approved Thursday the bill of Sen. George Parkhouse of Dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in Dallas and the four other largest counties.
The Kennedy administration moves haltingly toward a Geneva conference on Laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy erupts for the first time.
Among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer, Patti Waggin who is Mrs. Don Rudolph when off the stage.
In addition, the government would pay a $1,000 `` cost of education'' grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants.
He was not going to Vienna to negotiate -- the simultaneous announcements in Washington and Moscow last week stressed that no formal negotiations were planned.
His reply, he said, was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now.
A repetition code of rate one third can correct any single error in a triple.
Charlayne was `` tentatively'' admitted for next fall, after state investigators questioned her white roommate at Wayne State.
Of particular meaning to the Charles MacWhorter family, 3181 SW 24th Ter., will be the Family Dedication Service planned for 10:50 a.m. Sunday at First Christian Church.
He came all the way around on Gardner's hit before 5777 fans.
Mrs. Oliver is mother of five children and wife of a machinist.
The need for and the way to achieve a Christian home will be stressed in special services marking National Christian Family Week in Miami area churches next week.
A Highway Department source said there also is a plan there to issue some $3 million to $4 million worth of Rural Roads Authority bonds for rural road construction work.
Col. Clifton Lisle, of Chester Springs, who headed the Troop Committee for much of its second and third decades, is now an honorary member.
Customary Senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the Negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance agency.
He has given only the one pass in his 27 innings, an unusual characteristic for a southpaw.
An injury forced Skorich to quit after the 1948 season.
What could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill amending the National Defense Education Act of 1958.
A mistrial was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict.
The Government also is aiding farmers' income prospects.
Appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago.
The United States offered to supply a complete set of propelling equipment like that used in the Skipjack.
No, said he, but officials still called him `` evasive''.
President Eisenhower held an 8:30 a.m. meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers, decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately.
At least 20 other Americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political roundup.
Mrs. J. Edward Hackstaff and Mrs. Paul Luette are planning a luncheon next week in honor of Mrs. J. Clinton Bowman, who celebrates her birthday on Tuesday.
She was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event.
His three-round total of 210 was three strokes better than the next best score, a 213 by Bill Collins, the tall and deliberate Baltimorean who had been playing very well all winter long.
And you'll notice that in both places, there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any chow line.
A good feeling prevailed on the SMU coaching staff Monday, but attention quickly turned from Saturday's victory to next week's problem: Rice University.
I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter: That the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people.
But we couldn't really get along without it.
The Commerce Department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in April, down 1% from the March level of more than $18.2 billion.
Yet he remains the fiercest of competitors.
The esplanade eliminates Grovers Ave., which on original plans ran through the center of the development.
Stagecoach Days is the theme for the weekend on the Old Chisholm Trail.
In fact, very few customers, anywhere in the nation, were able to get more than 100 shares.
Accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price.
Each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point.
In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries.
Of Scotch-Irish-Scandinavian descent, Greer Garson was born in County Down, Ireland.
Its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas.
Presently, Hardwicke-Etter employs 300-450 people, depending on the season of the year.
They `` operate on a volume basis'', it was contended, `` and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community''.
Even before he hit big money, he had begun buying modern paintings.
By his own confession, Maris is an angry young man.
This rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers.
The President said the nation's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care.
The record books, however, would favor the Giants' ace.
And Bernie Kriss calls the bayonet clashes at Berlin's Brandenburg Gate, `` The Battle of the Sentry''!!
Mr. Simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the House of Delegates from 1951 through 1958.
The resentment among Democratic organization leaders to the reported Wagner plan was directed particularly at the Mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders.
He will be succeeded by Rob Ledford of Gainesville, who has been an assistant more than three years.
The Hinckley Gin Supply Co. is a maker of `` overhead equipment''.
Some even boast two pools, one for adults and one for children.
Requests must be mailed in by December 5.
Error correcting codes add redundancy to protect information against noise.
Therefore, her wardrobe is largely mobile, to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a wrinkle.
What does he feed his SMU football mastodons at the training table??
The city is not adequately compensated for the services covered by the fees, he said.
The Skipjack was a second generation atomic sub, much advanced on the Nautilus and the other four which preceded it.
But one thing is for certain: There is no dissension between Mantle, the American League's Most Valuable Player in 1956 and 1957, and Maris, the MVP in 1960.
A philosopher may point out that the troubles of the Congo began with the old Adam and consequently will never end.
`` What I always say is what if somebody clobbers you in a little car like that??
On this day the wind had switched 180-degrees from the northwest to the southeast, and nearly every shot on the course was different from the previous few days.
In Laos, the picture was almost equally bad.
The Burkes, who now live in Kankakee, are telling friends of the engagement.
Without any definite plan in mind, she went to a judge to see what could be done.
But I shall campaign on the Meyner record to meet the needs of the years ahead''.
The New York Central also has asked the ICC to permit it to gain control of the B & Aj.
On Friday he will go to Portland for the swearing in of Dean Bryson as Multnomah County Circuit Judge.
The new offering Tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debentures, due June 1, 1986, at 100%, and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due June 1, 1991, at 100%.
If there had been, he would have found a loophole, because Arnold is one golfer who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book.
The bit error rate measures the fraction of bits incorrectly received.
At the opening of the trial, the jury panel was questioned as a group by Mr. Weaver about Ku Klux Klan connections.
For hotels with 1000 rooms, the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year, Goodis said.
Kathy Jossy of Hillsboro, Carol Jossy of North Plains and Lorlyn and Tom Zurcher of Hillsboro.
A small reception will follow in the Oak Park Arms hotel.
The population of the Congo is 13.5 million, divided into at least seven major `` culture clusters'' and innumerable tribes speaking 400 separate dialects.
Last week Federal District Judge William A. Bootle ordered the university to admit immediately a `` qualified'' Negro boy and girl.
The response from London, Paris and Bonn was favorable.
He scored a 4 for the embedded ball, a 3 with the provisional one.
The pretty coeds must have ogled him all day long -- but he dutifully kept his eye on the gravy.
`` One wants a little more power, and the other doesn't want to give up any''.
The Mayor spoke yesterday at the United Irish Counties Feis on the Hunter College Campus in the Bronx.
As the battle raged in the cloakrooms and caucuses, it became clear that Judge Smith could lose.
Implementation of Georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury.
Mrs. Reese entered 10 past bake-offs before she got into the finals.
A crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies, which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit, dance and song.
As a Neiman-Marcus award winner the titian-haired Miss Garson is a personification of the individual look so important to fashion this season.
Under scrutiny, two of the witnesses said, were payments and loans to Stein's National Maintenance company at 543 Madison St..
But, obviously, at least some things have changed for the better in Russia so far as the ballet is concerned.
Patrolman James F. Simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young Stickney speeding north in Stewart Avenue at Central Street.
Pohl confessed the arson while being questioned about several fires in the Westphalia area by State Police.
Only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote.
She is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on, and her dancing has a feminine suavity, lightness, sparkle, and refinement which are simply incomparable.
`` My feeling at the moment'', he said, `` is that we have no alternative, irrespective of some of the arguments about him.
His highest count of supporters numbered 72 -- and he needed nearly twice that number to control the 260-member Democratic caucus.
A proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from Councilwoman Virginia Knauer, who formerly raised pedigreed dogs.
Mary is cheery and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings, and the children's bed-time is frequently preceeded by a session of happy, family rough-housing.
The suit was filed later in the day in Common Pleas Court 7 against the Hughes company and two bonding firms.
I'm not afraid to tangle with the Republican nominee''.
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client, Alan Clements, 30, a separate trial.
`` Our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement'', he indicated, `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town''.
More than 500 juniors and seniors are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis.
Expect their own production volume, and presumably sales, to jump 30 percent in 1961.
This is largely because of the unpredictability of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants -- Gov. Ross Barnett.
Halfback Bud Priddy, slowed for almost a month by a slowly-mending sprained ankle, joined TCU's workout Monday.
Governor Tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next Friday.
Among them were a number of newsmen, including Henry Raymont, of United Press International, and Robert Berrellez, of Associated Press.
-- A Southeast Library Workshop will be held here Oct. 9, conducted by Mrs. Gretchen Schenk of Summerdale, Ala., author, lecturer and library leader.
He planned at one time to enter the legal profession, but gave up the plan in favor of the entertainment field.
-- A series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the Junior Achievement program begins at St. Thomas Aquinas Monday.
Asked Willie at one stage of his excavation project.
He was in charge of the Hockaday School meals from 1946 to 1950, before he moved to Aj.
Generally, they go to school with a girl named Gloriana, who lives down the block, and has a car.
Philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player.
But a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date, and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away.
For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity, Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings.
The transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress, in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent.
He sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944.
The feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the President and that plain talk by Mr. Kennedy would give him pause.
He declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation worsens.
Peterson said America has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas.
The first is a negative warning: there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with high-sounding titles but no real authority.
It was the first time we've been ahead this season ( when John Richey kicked what proved to be the winning field goal )''.
Miss Betsy Parker was one of the speakers on the panel of the Eastern Women's Liberal Arts College panel on Wednesday evening in the Security Life Bldg..
She is the former Judy Chapman, daughter of John S. Chapman of this city.
Wingback Jack Collins injured a knee in the Washington State game but insists he'll be ready for Oklahoma.
On the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the United States leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for.
The owners would like each club in the fourteen-team league to play a home-and-home series with teams in its division, plus two games against teams in the other division.
But an official statement adopted by the 33-man Emory board at its annual meeting Friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a roadblock to accepting Negroes.
It will be preceded by luncheon in the Teter House.
The TEA estimated there would be 182 scholastics to attend the day school in Dallas County, saving them from coming to Austin to live in the state deaf school.
Lefty Wyman Carey, another Denver rookie, will be on the mound against veteran John Tsitouris at 8 o'clock Tuesday night.
Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient.
But the Royal Motel in Shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar.
`` This is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated'', he said.
The Dallas Texans were back home Monday with their third victory in four American Football League starts -- a 19-12 triumph over the Denver Broncos -- but their visit will be a short one.
A flight originating in Florida picked up guests on the East Coast and Midwest and a plane left from Seattle taking on passengers at West Coast points.
But the seven-iron shot he used to approach the green strayed into a bunker and lodged in a slight depression.
Ambassador Thompson reported from Moscow that the Soviet leader's mood was cocky and aggressive.
The Pirates have a 9-6 record this year and the Redbirds are 7-9.
Buaford Robinson, 23, of 7026 Stewart Av., a CTA bus driver, was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at 51st Street and South Park Way.
Using a steering system that controlled the modified rocket's tail surfaces and wings equipped with ailerons, Fiedler was to land the missile on a skid especially bolted under the fuselage.
The commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for pedestrians in the project.
The Yankee triumph made Ralph Houk only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a World Series victory in his first year as a manager.
It was during `` Old Music'' at the St. James Theater that Hollywood's Louis B. Mayer spotted her.
The military also had demanded pledges that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the junta and no leaders of the Menderes regime now in prison would be pardoned.
Ideally, he knew, it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels.
`` That will be $1.80'', said the gas station man.
Kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 Harvard, Boston University, Brandeis, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology educators.
They have not done so for the simple reason that such appeals have hardly ever been made.
Armed with the Nixon opinion, the Senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the filibuster battle this week.
When Mickey Charles Mantle, the New York Yankees' man of muscle, drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers, his feat touches upon the sublime.
So he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that stroke.
( What other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise??
Practice helps you to get your timing down.
For a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago.
Fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five, who may have altered history in the 1960s.
Victim of the accident was Robert Lee Stansbery, 39.
In 1961, it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction.
Moreover, an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the U. S. was not inflexible and was sparing no effort to ease international tensions.
No formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported incidents.
But in all its 175 years, not a single Negro student has entered its classrooms.
Last week most of the other prizes, once offered to Pittsburgh, went on the block.
County Supervisor Weldon R. Sheets, who is a candidate for the Democratic gubernatorial nomination, today called for an end to paper ballots in those counties in the state which still use them.
She said, when she learned Jackie was heading home: `` I'm just speculating, but I have to think Jack feels he's hurting Boston's chances''.
Along with a director, the city should provide a CD headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized.
Next to Leo Durocher, Dark taught Mays the most when he was a grass-green rookie rushed up to the Polo Grounds 10 years ago this month, to help the Giants win a dramatic pennant.
Cliff Cook accounted for three of the Tribe's eight hits.
Engaging in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants.
These, he said, are `` two of the principal underlying causes for family breakups leading to ADC''.
How effective have Kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with Communist aggression??
In the final month of the 1927 season, he hit seventeen home runs, a closing spurt never matched.
Pete Ward was sent in for House and, after failing in a bunt attempt, popped to Howser on the grass back of short.
Maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality, and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience.
-- Governor Tawes today appointed Lloyd L. Simpkins, his administrative assistant, as Maryland's Secretary of State.
She turned out to be a fan, too, of Margaret Bouton, the Gallery's associate curator of education.
Perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital.
Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university, bringing them back here from the east.
In the past, the men and women have chartered planes to Las Vegas and Jamaica, buses to Mineral Wells and Kerrville and private railway coaches to Shreveport and Galveston.
He is not interested in being named a full-time director.
Attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their clients' guilt.
Indonesia is one of the twenty under-developed countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America that are receiving Soviet aid.
She is state chairman for the New Mexico Tuberculosis and Cancer Associations.
`` I had developed the machines and therefore knew them.
He gathered one of the biggest collections of Paul Klees in the world.
He also received a Master of Science degree from Texas A & I College and a Bachelor of Science degree from Southwestern State College, Weatherford, Okla..
`` I knew it all along'', confessed Arnold with a grin, `` but I just happened to think how much nicer it would be to drop one way up there''.
a frigid beauty, and three silly fairies.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry D. Hoaps, Jr. have returned to their home in Drexel Park, after spending some time in Delray Beach Fla..
-- The 15-year-old adopted son of a Washington attorney and his wife, who were murdered early today in their Chesapeake Bay-front home, has been sent to Spring Grove State Hospital for detention.
Noting that Plainfield last year had lost the Mack Truck Co. plant, he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform.
His losses included his money bag, containing $40 to $50 and his $214 paycheck.
At present all offenses must be taken to Sixth District Court for disposition.
The candidacy of Mayor James J. Sheeran of West Orange, for the Republican nomination for sheriff of Essex County, was supported today by Edward W. Roos, West Orange public safety commissioner.
Mrs. Richard Newburger is chairman of hostesses.
`` He timed it just right and broke through there before the boy ( halfback Terry Isaacson ) had time to turn around.
Berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by Wagner in the morning press conference.
In addition, a special award was given to Bob ( Bevo ) Nordmann, the 6-foot-10 center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury.
Mr. Shoettle has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize.
Mrs. Peck, later joined by the commission's vice-chairman, Mrs. Lee Patterson, took Harvey to task for comments he had made to the North Portland Rotary Club Tuesday.
He hit a poor tee shot, pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first fairways.
The city expects the higher rooming house, hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year.
The signal-to-noise ratio determines the practical channel capacity in analog systems.
`` You often hear people talk about team spirit and that sort of thing'', Benington said in a conversation after the ceremonies, `` but what this team had was a little different.
Until that first dedication service, he and Lois felt their children were too young to take part in any religious life at home.
About 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon Mr. Sorrentino.
`` In fact our whole defensive unit did a good job''.
At the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month, this could mean a shortage of as high as $17,000.
It is a collection with a custom-design look, offering simplicity with warmth, variety and vitality.
His bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent bogeys at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par.
American Catholic colleges and universities are, in a very real sense, the product of `` private enterprise'' -- the `` private enterprise'' of religious communities.
If you're a good ballplayer, you've got to get mad.
J. A. W. Iglehart, chairman of the Oriole board of directors, and Public Relations Director Jack Dunn.
They could walk, ride on a bus or be driven.
It was marked by controversy, anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence.
Week in, week out, there is more sex to be seen in `` The Adventures Of Ozzie And Harriet''.
Any shareholder of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank.
Jensen got only six hits in 46 at-bats for a batting average in the first 12 games.
`` We'll work hard Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday'', Meek said, `` and probably will have a good scrimmage Friday.
Now he's gone, the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state''.
`` If you destroy confidence in banks, you do something to the economy'', he said.
There was no debate as the Senate passed the bill on to the House.
Asked Mrs. Grace O. Peck, representative from Multnomah County, of the commission chairman, Joseph E. Harvey Jr..
Dade's chief probation officer, Jack Blanton, will lead a discussion on `` The Changes in the American Family'' at 7:30 p.m. Sunday at Christ Lutheran Church.
He steered me to the right track -- the free enterprise track''.
The Drexel collection, called Composite, to be shown by Titche's offers a realistic approach to decorating, a mature modern that is a variation of many designs.
Caucusing, the liberals decided to go after Colmer, which actually was the more drastic course, since seniority in the House is next to godliness.
`` My experience as public safety commissioner'', Roos said, `` has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience, and preferably one who is a lawyer.
Their reason: Holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine, had his license suspended.
If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961, it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session.
A & M has the best defense against passes, 34.7 yards per game.
Only Bucky Harris, the `` boy-manager'' of Washington in 1924, and Eddie Dyer of the St. Louis Cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the feat.
The Pirates jumped off to an 11-3 start by May 1 last year, when the Redbirds as well as the Dodgers held them even over the season.
Davis received 1,119 votes in Saturday's election, and Bush got 402.
At the same time reaction among anti-organization Democratic leaders and in the Liberal party to the Mayor's reported plan was generally favorable.
As a result, the West is in a poor bargaining position at the current Geneva negotiations on Laos, and South Vietnam and other nations in Southeast Asia are under increased pressure.
